some of the seats put are not very functional . should have gotten raised helm . when ordered , had gotten upgraded stero and though it came with a sub , no sub in boat . the attention to detail is very poor , there is a lot of little thigs over looked . cable covering for engine controls keeps pulling out of engine . 
engine noise is high , even when going 5 kph . 
very poor quality and fit and finish . 
the striping not done proper/bubbles and outside of area to be in , dash lights too bright , needs speakers in back loungers 
gas gauge not accurate , ran out of fuel at 1/4 tank , returned to dealer , still same issue , gas gauge not accurate 
nothing 
the way it sets in the water , sets too deep in the back . ( it does have a 300 pre though ) see attached correspondence 
motor horse power , cover not easy to put on when it does not really fit well or snaps do n't work . 
our problem is the continued water coming over the front of the boat onto the passengers . we are on an inland lake with minimal boat waves . the water splashes against front panels and middle front swing door then proceeds to run all the way to back of pontoon . the entire carpeted boat is soaked . the pontoon has less than 10 hours and no one will ride in front of center console . anyone riding up front on the two bench seats ( right or left ) gets soaked . if i new this i would have purchased your company 's tri-toon . our first pontoon was a harris . then we went to a crest . now we are back to a harris . we need to find a solution . this is not what we expected with our new pontoon . 
manner in which swim ladder is secured with snap . 
nothing 
post that hold up mooring cover and cheap made ! see attached correspondence 
as per 1st survey- quality of edges were cut , pieces are attatched 
the driver 's chair is too close to the steering wheel . 
quality issues- not well finished 
no boarding door on driver 's side 
placement of speakers ( all forward ) 
seating does n't line up . railings do n't line up . how does this get past quality control before shipping ? 
can not tune a radio station 
cramped seating in back , canvas top takes awhile to put it on before you master it 
gas gauge not working . 
rpm problem not resolved due to inconvenience or having to remove boat from water for trip to dealership . 
underpowered 
other than previous comments about the cup holders there is nothing additional 
cockpit table is unstable , bimini top harware is extremely difficult to use . clips retaining bimini top poles are constantly falling off when used . we cross under two bridges that are too low for ther top so we are forced to take the top up and down four times a trip . 
trailer wo n't stay on bunks in deep wells- should have some guides . stitching on some of the seats 
5 step ladder does not provide secure access to water ... lower section needs `` lock '' for stability and safety . too many trim items appear `` cheap '' . other disappointments such as vibration and fuel filler have been commented on above . mooring cover requires better fit around bimini uprights . 
i wish i had purchased a slightly larger engine . a little slow 
docking in 
see above comments 
no convenient cleat/hook up for an anchor . also we elected to go with a pole tow assembly so the forgive well is too exposed when kids on back swim platform - dangerous ! had to create my own decking . also when full the gas tank reads 3/4 - need to get this corrected ! 
canvas cover , top speed is too low , interior seating stains very easily . 
need speakers in rear and cup holders built in the front . 
no dislikes ! i am getting a battery switch installed because it is too easy to accidentally leave a light switch on which can drain the battery ( and not be able to start the engine ) . 
fit and finish a bit `` sloppy '' - would n't buy a boat with carpet again . woven material use at the rear would have been a better buy . 
engine not working right , radio not working right 
beautiful boat - nothing to dislike . 
rusting off s.s ski tow , 
nothing ! 
the metal pitting rusting . the ent gate hinges . 
warranty and general response from dealer for service 
was not ordered in with full engine gauges . gas fill port not user friendly . 
steering 
not enough power and uses too much gas 
the mooring cover : too large and heavy , too lightweight drawstring and ratchet . a 2 piece would be easier to manage . 
things coming loose ! 
nothing . 
the speedometer gauge has n't worked . the heated seat shorted out and melted wires , burnt the carpet under the helm.. see additional comments 
the ladder is poor design and looks cheap compared the the vrest of the boat . the finish should match the gates and other metals . also hard to pick up when on board . i do not like it . 
nothing 
only a couple things were less than outstanding . 1. the helm seat back is too short and does not support the back as well as it could . 2. the upholstery canvas stains to easily . 
ladder in the rear of boat is hard to reach when folding it up when you are on the lake after swimming . 
forward docking lights are in a bad place to get bumped and bent . fabric on seats get stained easily by bugs especially . 
2nd battery is not mounted securely and slides around in compartment 
stereo reception 
poor build quality 
mesh part of upholstery , cleaning floors , canvas does not cover stern completely , overall quality of fit and finish . 
the recall on my ski bar has not been fixed yet by the dealer always seem to have some reason they cant do it . 
would like the helm and captain 's chair to be higher for better visibility , especially forward when passengers are sitting in front couches . 
the snaps are very hard to snap on the cover 
nothing 
carpet 
none 
sound system . very hard to use , controls bad . 
the worst part of the boat is the live well . the overflow pipe does not sufficiently drain when full resulting in water filling up the live well and overflowing onto the deck in the back . there is insufficient flow from the overflow drain to keep up with the level of fresh water coming from the input . this is really a problem to me and represents a poor design for a boat of this quality and cost . 
see additional comments 
nothing , need to fix driver seat arm rest . 
the cover doesn`t keep water out 
just the radio and sound . 
problems with engine , canvass fit and gauges 
the electric bimini does not work correctly when going down ( it shorts out after a few seconds ) . dealer came out to trouble shoot and could not fix . this will be fixed in off season . the created delays in getting the bimini down so we could land in the boat lift . 12v output at the stern does not work . bimini frame not straight . it does not rest/sit properly on fence of boat ( discovered by dealer ) bottom of bimini frame ( piece that rests on fence of boat ) missing black plastic cover ( port side ) ( discovered by dealer ) one of the clips on boat cover has rivet that is not connecting clip to cover ( discovered when putting on cover for 1st time ) no spring in chain clip at stern 
hard to snap cover on . 
not enough storage space for lift jackets . no specific storage for an anchor . i wish you could come up with a better design when trying to raise the rear ladder . it is awkward , and heavy , and you have to lean way over to pull it out of the water . the strap that is supposed to make this easier just is n't robust enough . when i washed the interior of the boat , all of the water inside each compartment ( under seats , in cup holders , etc ) would not drain - the drain holes are small , and obstructed by excess carpet/upholstery that was not trimmed enough around the holes . needed dealer to repair , not sure if fixed , have not washed again yet ? the electronic components behind the helm is exposed and catches on items put in there . 
besides the price ... . nothing to dislike 
advertised under skin in brochure did not come with boat , said it was a dealer issue 
could still use more power 
have had problems with a lot of the add on features and i 'm concerned that the boat itself was n't built well . bolts falling out etc and it 's been in service 3 times the first year . 
n/a 
hard to tell when switches are on or off . unsure what is draining battery if battery switch is left on ? ? ? ? 
did n't get to use it much . we 'll correct that next season . 
nothing - except the speedometer . 
depth gauge is poor 
engine temp gauge would be nice . 
motor not big enough 
not real happy with the steering operation 
the screens and plastic coverings , it 's a big pain to leave the the screens up and to have to roll up the plastic , it takes 2 people and looks bad 
when the seats get wet they have like a film that stays white for quite awhile 
water in the battery compartment and loose wires under the console . the radio is hard to turn on and off and control . 
the seats and driver console floor hurts feet . has a step or not even . 
nothing 
engine would occasionally `` bog '' out and speed reduce . 
captains chair should have height adjustment , i 'm 6'4 '' and i have to sit on a cushion for proper visibility 
quality of the seat cushions . 
there are not enough quick connect holders for deploying fenders . i have to disconnect the bimini struts on the aft railing to connect rear fenders . this is when i deploy 2 on the port and/or starboard sides . 
helm seat is very poor quality . padding is not sufficient and feels cheap . 
getting parts from harris 
sensitive to weight position and performance . 
the service - dealer told me $ 150.00 just to look at the depth sounder and the other dealer said they would send me the part 6 months ago . 
nothing . 
the radio fm/am reception and with the windshield up over the drivers area hard to see . 
that we have had to find another dealer to service the boat . the dealer where we got the boat was supposed to take care of the cowling ( cracking ) and the dash board coming apart . have not herd a word from them sense they became aware of the problem 
disappointed in depth gauge , 
i hate the radio , it was the base stock model and it is horrible no blue tooth in 2015 is shocking to me . also the captains chair is to low and the seat needs to be pulled up to close to reach the steering wheel , i will be addressing both this season . lack of leg room under steering wheel . if harris would like to give me a deal on upgrading either i will be happy to purchase from you . 
storage ( not enough ) and seating ( need more lounge seating ) 
$ 66,000 
cosmetic issues previously mentioned . 
nothing 
cavitation issue has not been corrected by dealer . 
cover is horrible to get on and off glove compartment 
murphy screen and stereo 
the individual seat covers . a better job could have been done in placing the clips . 
placing the full cover on the boat . very laborious . there must be a better way ! 
150 hp mercury the boat has a 175hp max , at 150 it still seems slow even with few passengers . hard to get in and out of water at stern where the ski bar is located 
the stereo system seems kind of cheap . 
see additional comments 
the problems noted above 
bimini top had a couple or rips dealer did have them repaired . 
the side gate should be in front of the helm to make docking and picking up passengers easier . 
no speakers in the back of the boat . motor does not trim out of the water . canvas clips pull out . canvas pulls out the light wire to the bimini top . 
hard to see much close to boat from helm - helm should be higher 
rides to low in rear - needs tilt wheel - too low 
wish i would of purchased a later motor . 
hard to put cover on 
difficult to dock in wind 
lack of room for fishing 
putting fuel in it . the location of the refueling port is awkward to refuel with a gas can . 
nothing 
wish it had a little more power . 
storage is horrible 
speedometer never working . 
poor quality and fit and finish on seat covers ( cover bag fell apart , also ) and doors . floor difficult to clean , difficult to open and close bimini -poor working hinges and very heavy for 1 person 
nothing 
shifts hard 
the push button light can be turned on without knowing and the battery will be discharged over night . 
there seems to be some kind of an airlock involved with filling the tank with gas . if the dock employees go over the first click on the gas handle , it then overflows and gas pours back out onto the deck . they have also mentioned that the other harris models like this also do the same thing . also , it takes a long time to fill up , and with other boats waiting to get to the gas dock , it can be embarrassing . our model has a horizontal gas filler at the rear port area . 
poor radio reception . bimini is loose . bimini clips do lock properly . 
the little things that continue to fail us ! lights around the cup holders in the back sometimes they are on and sometimes they are not working . the speed ohmmeter not working all summer after outlet recreation worked on it numerous times . wires were cut and spliced under the dash in trying to get the speed ohmmeter working . this concerns me that we will have problems down the road , ( my luck after the warranty goes off the pontoon ) ! the tarp loosing clips because the rivets continue to fail . 
nothing 
the height of the helm seat is too low to see forward when guest are seating on the same side . 
depth sounder , welds . 
poor welding on toons , depth sounder , seams unraveling . 
stereo could be better and more speakers . night lighting , need better lay out so it does n't blind people when talking to you . door hinges very poor ! 
railings were discolored from the factory . gauges were inoperable from the factory . trim was inoperable from the factory . bimini top is extremely heavy compared to previous boat owned . 
gauges are not maked 
stereo mp3 feature paint quality 
electrical charging meter 
the radio is difficult to figure out . not sure if the rear speakers do n't work or if we just have n't figured out how to turn them on . 
should have gotten the bigger engine ... next time 
the doors sticking . 
have had some leaks in floor due to poor workmanship . when they screwed plywood to cross member beams , they missed the beams resulting in spots for the water to come through to carpet . worried that floor and carpet will rot out . the dealer has tried to seal up the holes , unable to get them all i would sugest spraying the bottom with bullhyde 
gas tank fill pipe too low . difficult to gas up with portable gas containers . 
canvas tough to put on . have now used vasiline . back storage area cuts into seat . that 's a challenge . had rubber seals around boat come off . i 'm told i 'm supposed to remove and pull off ? ? this survey : hard to open up in e-mail . no easily visible link to me . took long time to access survey . this survey is totally backwards . everyother survey i have ever taken has excellent on the right . this could skew your results . ( sorry ) . confusing on scalde . why are some 1-10 and others are 1-5 ? ? ? ? i think they should all be 1 to 10. over and out . 
nothing 
boat covers and canvas 
weight 
as with any boat , storage is always at a premium 
motor issues 
dose not have floor storage 
amount of cup holders and location , engine does not completely trim out of water , no depth gauge - safety , radio need better antenna/reception , should have additional floor mount to move or add table to rear . table provided could be more sturdy and a bit longer to accommodate all in seating in front two bench seats . 
the water splashing and motor cavitating when turning whole going fast . 
limited and generic cockpit controls . 
fold up table was not glued well and fell off after 1st weekend of use . then it was warped , still dont have new one 
when boat is on the trailer and no cover on it one of the seats always comes up 
the steering , cup holders , the bimini top and the helm seat position and comfort . 
stereo reception can be difficult . 
large bimini top too expensive . unable to enter harris contests or promotion because i am canadian . 
nothing 
the cover is a nightmare to use . imposible when boat is on a lift . need to design smaller condom like covers for each seat 
the only negative i would mention is the difficulty of fueling at dockside with portable gas cans . 
the seating puts more weighting on the port side . the storage is very limited . the boat does not have a dry storage area . the depth gauge only works when you are stopped . 
difficult keep the seats protectd from weather ( we have seat covers with snaps that are very hard to snap and resnap . ) 
the seats staining so easily and not being able to be cleaned . 
nothing 
stero . doors rattle and open . floor has bumps in it when we bought it we were told they would go away . the bimini rattles at a higher speed . that needs to be addressed also 
nothing 
miss storage unit for ice chest etc locked compartment under throttle fills with water so no place to put documents etc that need to be kept dry . 
just want the engine gauge replaced 
nothing 
the quality of the vinyl seats , the fact that the floor does get very hot and that the headlights are located on the outside of the tubes , more than once when we were pulling the boat into the slip , they get knocked out of place . it would be great if there were a larger compartment in the helm to lock up phones and other keys and wallets ... .the one to the right of the steering wheel is extremely small . 
we picked the vinyl flooring thinking it would be easier to clean then carpet . so far the first year not so . i have to try something different this season to keep the floor clean . it always looks dirty and stains very easily . i do n't really want to spend the money on putting carpeting in at this point . 
wished i would have put the 300hp mercury on it . 
depth finder does n't work all the time properly 
storage and location of cupholders . 
clunks into gear , binomi works hard , latching poles etc , 
all the problems ( see other comments in the survey ) i have had with it already and it was only used for 3-4 months last summer . i am scared what shape it will be in after a year or so especially once the warranty runs out . 
not a dislike . gps would be nice 
lack of good anchoring mechanism/procedure 
lack of side doors on both sides of boat 
fit and finish sub par 
radio reception is extremely poor . hard to buy a different antenna 
need more cup holders at front of boat . and speakers there also . 
i wish was a rugged anchor cleat and chaulk in the bow . 
nothing 
canvas 
docking 
bimini hard to put up and take down especially release from rail clamps . 
docking it into the boat lift . 
the carpet under the helm gets wet when underway due to the boot underneath where the harness comes through . i do not wish to rectify this with the dealer where i purchased the boat due to poor customer service since the purchase . 
steering 
the iphone and radio do not bluetootk well . the am/fm radio reception is not good compared to 'all ' the other boats i have had on the same lake ! 
under powered a bit , captains chair should swivel . 
the cover - prefer undivided too much to put on many times to protect seats . putting it on with poles inside are hard to do ! hate it . 
nothing 
at this pint there is nothing we do n't like about our boat . 
the overall quality is awful ... certainly not what i expected for a boat in this price range 
ca n't think of anything . 
trim fit 
fuel usage per hour 
some small minor things the speedometer and the cover tearing 
i continually hit my toe on the gate support - it sticks out and is located in a very bad position 
nothing 
everything is fine 
bimini top very hard to put up down . 
i would have liked another starboard side entry door . we dock on the starboard side and have to enter from the front door which is narrow considering the footing on the front deck . 
gear shift 
the bimini is very hard to raise even with 2 people , would give you a 0 on that one . 
the handling problems which i described above . disappointed in the top speed - dealer said it would go faster than it does . 
have not been able to trust the reliability yet . friends on facebook getting a chuckle about my pictures of us being towed back to the dock . 
radio and towed cables rattle 
nothing 
maneuverability/steering ( especially when docking in windy conditions ) 
nothing 
carpet- should get difficult floor 
instrument panel lights can be overwhelming when driving at night . would be nice to be able to dim similar to a car . overall , minor glitches with screws staying fastened . seem to rattle loose . 
nothing 
radio had horrible reception . 
does n't ride well in rough/windy conditions . 
the plastic under the upholstery that i had to deal with and the speedometer does n't work 
ladder snaps and flooding up of water . 
nothing 
cheap fastaerners 
no cd player , exceptioally poor reception on am/fm no instructions for radio or depth finder 
the forward deck is too narrow . snapping the mooring cover is challenging . a copule more inches up front would help out it would not be missed in teh interior 
nothing ! 
putting the cover on the canopy is a little difficult . 
the unevenness of the flooring although that is now fixed under warranty . 
the side door or side walls have warped and the door does not fit properly . any more movement and it wo n't close at all ! i 'm appalled at the mounting of the nav lights . impossible to change a light bulb on the lake ! 
mooring cover , bimini top clips-fall off into lake 
nothing 
getting used to it 
should have a bigger motor ! 
lights did not work underdeck when delivered . will address as warranty item . 
the helm seat is very tough to turn . in addition , there is no way to raise the seat up higher 
the clips that hold the canopy arms come off very easy i have already lost 2 i think it could be a better design other than the plastic clamp style it is now 
factory response acknowledgement of new boat purchase unlike new vehicle purchase experience no contact with the factory 
you can not stand up at the helm without fully spreading you legs around the seat . very uncomfortable . seat does not move back far enough . if you move the seat there are holes in the floor . measured other boats at the dealership , same issue 
nothing 
sbemini clips fall off 
higher number of warranty issues then expected for cost and reputation of boat . 
call me ! ! ! ! 
have not found dislikes 
like any pontoon boat , the full cover is a nightmare to put on . seems as if something could be done to make covering a pontoon easier . ****see whitemail with additional comments**** 
recurring problems with depth finder and trim tabs . dealer is not responsive to issues . very frustrating . would not buy another harris if i had to go through this dealer . 
cover does n't fit properly and snaps are very hard to remove and also to snap 
i am disappointed with the jensen radio system and will look into getting a replacement . 
the cover , two things . need some type of coverage/protection when pulling it down the road . it does n't hold up to snow and now the cover looks terrible and it is less than a year old . 
doors should have a heavier plastic latch . 
location of cleat on right front corner , when entering/exiting boat , the rope cleat is a trip hazard . 
this is our first pontoon boat , i think the next one i will look in to a higher helm which i believe is available , otherwise awesome boat and i can live with the helm the way it is ! i have a port side pontoon leaking i believe , left side is four inches lower in the water , i am having it checked at colony marine where i had it stored for winter , the problem i have is i bought the boat in illinois and live in michigan . i do n't know if i did something or if it a warranty issue . i can call maybe after they look at it , thanks , steve jackson 
1. carpet getting wet as detailed above and 2. the speedometer is 6 miles an hour off at 20 mph , way too much error ( checked using the same gps we use for competition ski boats ) . love to have someone care enough to get this corrected . 
pressure in fuel tank seems excessive 
nothing 
under powered with a 60hp . the next harris i buy will be larger , with more power , tri pontoons , and a tandem axle trailer . 
nohing 
nothing . this is the perfect boat for us . 
interior carpet . 
putting on the cover 
polk stereo not user friendly . poor sound . 
slow speed handling while docking in tight situations 
more detail needs to be put into salt water boat 
can be hard to dock 
the removable seat has no where to be put if we want people to enter the boat from the front 
no 
weak canopy 
ladder system is not user friendly - i would like a ladder that slides rather than fixed . in low water the fixed ladder hits the bottom thus it breaks at the welds . $ 50 more cost wo n't lose a sale . 
rear ladder ! it is not made for the crowne ! 
poor radio reception 
the mooring covers fit and finish , the radio not having any reception , even to listing to the local station , also the delta tower canvas came apart last year in three weeks the dealer repaired it , they delivered the boat to me and it was torn as the boat came to me . 
how heavy the boat is 
just the access to the waste can . otherwise , it 's really a great boat and is all that it was advertised to be . 
the use of a generic cover for the seats . at the rear of my boat there is a seat directly under a vent for the support pole . the pole either has to be placed in the seat ( leaving a dimple ) or at an angle leaving for loose fit and allowing water to pool on the top in the port side rear . 
nothing 
snaps on cover keep breaking off . led rope lights going out after owning less than 1 year . 
docking is difficult without some control for the front , ( especially in windy conditions ) . the dash lights are too bright for night driving . the glare is so bad i have to cover them with a towel which makes them useless at night . this is a safety concern , ( i either cant see to drive or i cant see the depth/gas/speed gauges ) . 
the quality of the seats and wiring harness is in addition to the decals peeling off under the front door . the rear latter is a very poor design as it flips up when you are entering the boat from the water . to me it is a safety issue as people tend to get their toes stock and bang their knees . dealer has said there is no fix . very concerning . 
? 
not one thing 
just a few little things : water seeps into the storage seats and stays inside and does n't leave , no headlights 
clips on mooring cover not correct when replaced . 
i have made notes throughout this survey that pretty much covers our dislikes 
seat is so low it 's difficult to see over windshield 
we have a 300hp mercury pontoon and it is really back heavy-it does n't ride straight in water 
i do not like that the engine is doing the same thing my 2013 model did which drove me to trade it . 
disappointed that front panel popped out of door first week when we hit a wave 
the canvas top seemed to be weak around snaps and afraid areas will rip . 
boat cover takes too long to install ; snaps much too hard to engage ; pilot seat located much too lar back from the console and i am 6 ' 1 '' 
the canvas cover keeps breaking with the clips which is truly disappointing every time the cover is put on . also , the doors should have more foam padding as when driving the boat the doors rattle against the side panels which is much irritating . 
fit is abominable , factory service seems nonexistent your rep should have helped on this . 
the radio 
cover has leaked at seams since new , despite being replaced under warranty . had to apply waterproofing myself to address . snaps and clips on cover also come off of cover . after less than 1 season of use 
nothing comes to mind 
hard to dock on trailer , extremely hard to see front end when trying to set on trailer 
too slow . putting nose cover on , very little room to button down 
no landing lights , no lockable glove box , no lockable storage 
nothing ! 
upholstery 
vinyl does stain easily , motor difficult to clean 
depth/water temp has not worked for a year . continue getting wrong parts from harris to fix . called harris for part number for flag- part they gave me does not fit- pole 1 1/4 '' , socket 1 '' . screws on ski storage stripped . problems with straps and vents on cover . 
steering , lots of screws coming loose and battery box lid mounted with corian top cut too long , was n't closing , scratching black sheeting . 
the bimini support structure is less than a year old and is coming apart 
engine vibrating at high speed , bluetooth does not work 
depth gauge not working 
value , fit and finish , handling , ride , materials , craftsmanship 
minor point : i have smoothed/rounded a few 90 ' edges of aluminum including bimini fittings , so that when you grab such parts , they will be more comfortable to hold and maneuver . a few weld splatters also on pontoons ! 
bright gauges at night . motor cavitation when turning 
canvass cover is terrible -- seams separating from time of delivery 
very difficult to dock 
the ability to not be able to slide seat back and swivel 
needs more storage 
we dry stack our boat and because of health issues the dealer agreed to cover our pontoon boat before stacking . this was not done after the second time we used our new boat and diesel exhaust coated all the upholstery while in dry stack . efforts to clean the all the cushions by the dealer did not bring it back to its original new boat look . very disappointing . 
dealers service department , when warranty and repair issues are needed . 
no dislikes . 
hard time putting cover on . 
after cruising for half an hour or so , the power steering pump makes a low squealing noise when you turn the wheel . i reported this to our dealer , and they said it was a normal noise for the hydraulic pump . it was not low on fluid so i just accept it . on line research reveals that others have reported the same noise . 
seats hard to adjust 
radio reception is terrible . i ca n't find antenna to maybe extend . 
covering the boat up at night is a task for me , especially the canopy . i 'm short and i have a very hard time reaching it . 
all metal framing that supports canvas top 
instrument panel too bright at night 
the dealer ! ! ! the dealer set motor wrong which took away from mph . dealer never told me that the tilt motor did not have cut off when titling out of water . crack motor cover on deck of boat after 1st time in water . called dealer and they were rude ! i asked them why it happened and could they fix ... no ! love the boat , hate the dealer ! ! ! ! 
se comment # 15 
with everything on i would not have purchased it 
we experienced a lot of rattling with the bimini top 
getting in off dock ... i park boat on the driver side it is hard to get on it . my problem though 
should have a master electrical shut off . 
one side of the canopy , when down , keeps popping out of the locked holder and the canopy flies up . the mercury engine cap that you open to flush out the engine has water squirting out of it when in operation . we have difficulty filing the gas tank , no matter where we go the pump stops between ½ full or ¾ full , we can never fill the tank all the way up . the boat cover : several of the grommets have either come off , are loose or damaged and the from zipper has come off and we can’t get it back on . obviously the engine problem concerns me most . 
engine cavitation is significant and is encouraging me to explore new brands to consider . 
hard to cover , water under cusions . will i get mold ? i ca n't answer questions on boat because we ca n't use it . 
no stop between forward and reverse when shifting . more cup holders at front seats . maneuverability at idle speed . no hand rail for rear steps from the water . ca n't hear radio at the front of the boat while cruising due to speaker placement . ca n't cover the boat with canopy up due to the cuts in the canopy for canopy poles . 
dings easily when docking . rubber trim get out of shape . problems with rodent damage that could have been shared . not thorough information about potential water rodents and solutions . 
quality of interior and canvas 
cheap gauge , depth finder . 
seat operation with loose screws and continuous loosening of seat brackets 
motor does n't raise out of water enough . 
the boat/dock bumper adjustable straps need to be longer so they can be adjusted more for high water- low dock conditions . dealer service department advised longer ones are not available from harris . 
reliability of gauges 
have no strong feeling about what i especially dislike . maybe , the gates not working well . 
overall satisfied ; just the pontoon discoloring , the seat covering on one of the captains chairs headrest sagging and the power trim not holding up are my main concerns . 
the only things i dislike is the stereo having lines going through the display and the clips that broke off on the cover . 
nothing 
front rides high making hard to see over windshield from helm 
steering 
the cover is hard to put on stereo does n't work 
not being able to enjoy it all year long in michigan . i also have a possible issue with trailer , which i will get with dealer with i return for winterization . 
it should come installed with a hour meter for the engine , and a depth/temp gauge 
it seems a little loose . rattling and things moving apart , such as gates and windshield . 
the service dealer will not fix problem with motor ! ! ! 
see helm see problem above . 
cockpit seat not made that great , doors rattle and engine seems to run a little rough 
movable bow seat and carpet of ski locker . 
nothing at this time 
need a cover you can install when transporting the boat 
would like to see the full windshield on the crown model . 
no glove box ! 
wish it would have had more color options 
cockpit seat needs to be able to move up higher , hard to see while docking in to a slip or with people in the seat in front of cockpit . switches should light up with what they are and not with just a little light and you guess which one is what . doors should fit better . the over all customer service and what i would call customer care from harris it self is poor . harris brand management to the boat owner is weak . i have used the company website several times to ask questions with no reply . i have owned another brand of boat before and they always made you feel important and like a family , more so like they truly appreciated that you choose their boat to buy . harris lack in that department . i have ordered parts that the dealer had to order from harris and it has been over 6 weeks and harris still has not ship them . 
helm seat should be hirer to see over peoples heads . also the clips for the cover are breaking one by one on a boat that was bought in oct. 15. a snap on bimini broke as well . i plan top call the dealer for help with these issues . 
the rear ladder . the doors popping open . the boat cover and poles . not having a glove box in driver area ! ! 
overall , we are enjoying our pontoon boat 
top and covers not designed for a boat that can perform as this one does . 
it is hard to determine the position of the motor ( partially or hard over ) when steering/docking at slow speed to maneuver the boat . 
seats - cushions fly up when you sit on the edge . 
table is a bit chincy , we need to purchase 2 some arm rest/cup holders 
the way the wiring harness under helm is messy loooking having more than one motor option would be a plus eil ( make , model ) 
the size of motor cover restricts bringing tilt up out of water . 
driver seat base is too close to side so cant turn to face back . not enough cupholders . 
engine issues that marina mechanic or wilson dealership mechanic could not diagnose 
putting cover on and off , only 1 table in back of boat 
quality of finishes not what i would expect in a $ 35,000 brand new boat . 
quality of the boat is terrible . i expect my warranty claims will be fully satisfied , so next spring i can enjoy my boat ! - ****see whitemail with additional comments and attachments**** 
helm and seating is too low , even with the raised helm feature . visibility over the bow is extremely limited even with no passengers in the forward seating area . when the boat was delivered the rear gate did not fit properly , the side panel on the side door was scratched , the entire power steering unit and lines needed replaced just 3 months after delivery , one battery died 6 months after delivery - leaving us stranded at 9pm . 
front gate is too obstructive . too hard to approach dock head on . 
no front way to get off boat at islands 
i would like to have a small cover just for the helm area to cover gauges , radio , , throttle , etc 
the engine sits so low you can not raise the lower unit out of the water . the lower unit and prop remain partially under water . 
the difficulty of putting the cover on . 
top is not very easy to set up or take down 
quality of fits and finish . lots of loose parts after operationg . 
only problem is depth finder . dealer has not followed up on that issue . 
clips holding down cover fall off because rivots are too short or not good quality . 
top hard to raise and lower , round locking tabs too tight or too loose and hard to snap down . had to add hydraulic steering - was hard to deal with manual steering . 
helm seat in a fixed height position 
handles well . comfortable for family . 
motor/prop do not give optimum speed for skiing 
the red and green lights are very small , somewhat hard to see at night 
covering the boat is complex and a labor intensive process . 
only thing i was unhappy about was the way water comes out of livewell in rough water . i bought gasket material from dealer to plug the gap at the inside top of livewell . 
boat cover unfriendly . 
very frustrated with motor performance . i troll for muskie and have to fight with it constantly . 
only that the the speed odometer did n't work when the boat was delivered and it took 3 attempts and a number of months to finally get it fixed 
first pontoon , still missing my boat , although my wife loves it . 
was disappointed that no audio system available offered a cd player . i had to buy my own system and had dealer remove the unit which came with boat and install my purchased unit . 
wished the pontoon had a special coating to help keep the moss from forming . gas tank . when full 22 gallons . half tank has 8 gallons , quarter tank 2 gallons . how do i know ? ran out of gas on lake texoma . did not know it is not like a car gas gauge . does n't really show you the gas level correctly . had to learn the hard way . 
nothing 
nothing 
no rod storage ( locker ) . stereo not user friendly . side wall panels dent easily . 
heat of floor covering . can not walk on it in bare feet in summer . kinda ridiculous when you think about it . 
dealer never did in water demo i actually took it to another dealer and paid to hare it properly dealer prepped the throttle cable was routed wrong and the steering cable was coroded and missing the slide sleeve 
radio , glove box is too small , helm seat could be higher for better visibility 
the engines is so quite it is hard to tell if it is running . 
n/a 
difficult to clean spider excriment off of vynil . 
its all good . 
squeeks quality of pontoons and supporting systems . blown fuses chart plotter was added by dealer and now i have the speedometer guage doing nothing because it was disconnected . i also do n't like the sensor that hangs off the back end of the pontoon . it would be nice if harris itself would follow up about construction issues and not having the dealer feel my dissatisfaction . my pontoon has been in the shop since the beginning of october and i still do n't know the status and completion date of repairs . we feel that harris should replace this poorly made pontoon with a new one . 
the bimini is impossible to open and close . it takes 4 people to do it . this is a major reason we rarely use our boat . i also dislike greatly , the door hinges and locks , and the cockpit seat . i would say the boat would be close to perfect if these issued were n't present . 
nothing 
hate the moving cover , difficult to snap . would like speakers in rear of boat . 
needs larger engine , i have 150 should have purchased 250 
gauages not working properly . digital display very hard to see during the day . 
the moving cover . 
the ski tow bar prohibits the motor from tilting out of the water . the lower unit and part of the propeller remains under water at all times . the dealer said they were not aware of the problem . 
it takes 3 weeks to change the oil . the dealership needed to keep to boat for over 2 weeks to do the 100 hr oil change . 
wish we knew we did n't have docking lights when we bought the boat . 
not much 
as stated above the automatic bimini 
the height of the helm seat as i stated earlier all lines of harris needs to have a adjustable height helm seat . i think that would sell a boat . ie if a shorter person is looking at a boat and the sale person should be able to tell if the customer is not really happy with the way they see over the bow of the boat then the sales person could say to them let me adjust the height to see if that helps you see over the bow in the showroom . 
boat was delivered with a cracked countertop . still has n't been replaced 
the lifting strakes , may not be spelled correctly , are not in align . the front and rear sections do not line up , and i am sure this affects fuel mileage and performance . 
power for the size of the motor is n't what we expected . feel it should be more . 
only one ladder 
steering wheel is tight to my legs . a person with large legs must find it difficult . 
poor guality of workmanship . port pontoon was installed improperly . also have been waiting months for new pontoon to be installed . bimini screws on the frame keep coming loose ripping upholstery on sun deck seat . if i could return for a refund i would . i would appreciate a follow-up call . this is my second surveys with the same complaints . 
size of the fuel tank . larger would be nice 
the engine ... see # 8 
only the cover 
the bimdi tops which are a poor canvas top . i took my boat in approx . 2 months ago to get serviced cleaned for them to take pictures of the front bimidi tops damage sumit it for warrenty . dockside called on january 10/17 to inform me this was not done ! ! they said someone in the warrenty depth screwed up ? ? 
nothing 
the pontoon 's canvas cover is poor quality and will require replacement soon . not pleased with that . 
electrical being destroyed by water coming in large hole in floor can not put anything on deck , even in calm waters . 
difficulty putting cover on in front of belt 
we were disappointed that there was an issue with the motor and that the speedometer did not work . we were very disappointed in the after sales service at town country marine . we wish there was a dealership closer to ottawa , ontario , canada . we did find a dealership that at one time carried harris boats and they are looking after us now . they are georges marine sport in eganville , ontario canada . most of the next question does not apply to us seeing that town country did nothing to help us . 
weight of the bimini top . almost impossible for one person to raise and lower . 
i am very happy with the purchase ! 
bimini top is extremely difficult to raise . it can not be done without help . 
not quite long enough to be safe around large wakes . 
cockpit seats will not turn as it hits right side control area . needs front of boat step option . seats have to much over hang . fully open nav light on canvas top is low quality mount . - ****see whitemail with additional comments**** 
side panels felt peeling off 
windshield is not good , view is distorted , removed . had to replace horn first year . it was installed facing forward which let wate fill it up . needed to face perpendicular , i fixed that . interior lighting is way to bright for night navigation need a dimmer control so they can be dimmed , cup and rope lighting . 
boat took on a lot of water this summer and feel like the engine was set too high and reved high a few times while driving . 
no anything . 
door operation 
i wish that there was more speakers in the back of the boat . stereo has to be turned up to high for passengers in the rear . 
there 's really nothing strong enough to be a dislike . i think it 's a great boat . 
gauges are not accurate . 
port side pontoon leaks . warranty claim has been filed , still waiting for a replacement pontoon . 
wish the driver seat was higher for better visibility seated . wife can not seem to see very good when driving . 
i dislike not being able to monitorr engine hours and the ease with which the anchor light can be accidentally left on , draining the battery.. 
needs better docking bumper 
115hp mercury should come with adjustable tilt function so motor top does not hit ski pole 
lack of instrument control over brightens when operating at night . i need a dimmer to reduce the blinding lights from instruments . 
should have had a bigger motor in it . 
the cover issue , clean-ability of the floor , and condensation inside instrument dials . 
even with the high performance package there is excessive flex in front that causes door to open design issue . 
seat cushions stain to easily at the locations between the seat and back rest . 
nothing 
docking . this may be a captain . 
harris cancelled my dealer . i now have to tow it over 200 miles for warranty service . have purchased 5 boats under brunswick banner and will not buy another and neither will my friends . unlimited marine in jamestown kentucky is a great dealer who you guys have screwed . nothing like being an orphan with an expensive boat 
the fact that my engine got overheated 
stylistically it 's a bit too plush for my taste . i 'd like the upholstery to have cleaner lines . more like a sports car and less like a huge old lincoln that my grandfather would have owned . 
visibility from helm and engine reliability power bimini has to be in down position limiting rear access unless top is fully up 
depth gauge , radio , 
the wake arch bangs against the side paneling in choppy water and clatters loudly 
na 
wish that mooring cover was better quality . 
the canvas very difficult to put on over boat when need to cover . a real pain in the a  ! ! ! 
the top takes 3 strong people to get it secure . 
door/gate hinges . no `` wow '' factor in terms of lighting or technology 
hard to deck in the wind . 
i do n't like the lifting strakes skip welded and not sealed . there is no way to apply bottom paint inside the lifting strakes exposing the bare aluminum . the vinyl deck covering ( sea grass ) is slippery when wet and hot in the sun . the aluminum rail supporting the fencing around the entire seating perimeter is light on the anodizing , it is already oxidizing and pitting ( after cleaning and waxing twice ) . also , had to add an exterior radio antenna due to the poor reception . the clips holding the bimini place , do n't hold as well as they should . i have added nylon straps forward and aft to better secure the bimini top . 
location where you fill the boat with gas . very cumbersome to get to and very close to the floor of the boat . it would be really nice if the opening was on the starboard side of the boat instead of the stern of the boat . 
too high in front . need radion training and ignition repair or ? 
the quick clips for the cover teart from the cover and hence , leaves small holes in the cover . it 's even more frustrating that when working the boat show and in speaking to the product reps at the boat show , no solution or suggestion or options are given , especially when working with one of the largest harris dealers in michigan , more specifically , wilson marine . 
electronics systems - dealer could never fix multiple issues - depth finder , radio antenna , amplifier , speedometer froze , had to have new rpm gauge installed after it did n't light up at night . 
engine : first trip out , engine stopped and would n't restart . after days of trouble shooting , i called the dealer . they came out and within 5 minutes determined whoever connected the main battery cables to my 115 command thrust ( on the engine itself , i 'm not talking about the connections on the battery ) were not secured properly so the bolts fell off and the terminal connections were lost . very disappointing first impression which has caused my wife and i to not trust the engine like we should ( always in the back of our mind we 're wondering if it 's going to break down on us while out on the water ) . boat fit and finish : upon initial walk around with the dealer we noted an inordinate number of issues . change room curtain was broken ( zipper ) and would n't work so a new one was ordered . some of the swivel seats ( levers to rotate seat ) did n't work without the dealer adjusting them . a couple bolts fastening the galley to the floor were missing , dealer had to fix . cupholders shown in the brochure actually were n't in place ( solstice egdh ) so the dealer worked with harris to see what they could come up with - waited 3 months and when we received the cupholder stand harris manufactured , it was wrapped in the wrong color and the workmanship was substandard ( so we sent it back ) . additionally , while the operations manager was great when i could get ahold of him ... in fact , he 's the one that personally came out to help resolve the battery issue so i 'm very appreciative of his engagement . overall , a very long and frustrating experience with the dealership and harris to get the boat to base condition . 
drivers windshield needs to be shorter or longer . my line of site is at the very top , had to remove . captains chair needs to adjust up and down for difficult drivers . battery dept is poorly designed . lifting the compartment to disconnect batteries for storage take battery power to open and close . compartment takes battery power to close once battery is removed . you must use an external power source to close and open . poor design since an external power source is needed to operate compartment . 
difficult to launch and dock . 
mooring cover can not be snapped while in the water . bimini cover is difficult to put up . 
helm seat interferes on back right causing leather vinyl to wear and 'mar a specific area where seat rubs . 
dock lights , lights underneath ( deck ) malfunction , short in wiring . 
motor seems to be heavy so boat sits at an angle when stopped . motor does not go in water deep enough to be able to trim it . 
nothing 
seating vinyl on the grand mariner has a woven material that is difficult to clean . cockpit is a pain to put on and take off . would prefer a top with a drawstring versus the rail clips currently used . 
a little tricky docking ( we have a covered boathouse ) . 
only one entrance gate on left side . makes it hard to dock when i have to dock on the right side . no room to stand on front of boat . again a docking issue if someone needs to stand up front . 
just the radio reception , that fades away from time to time . 
have yet to find something i dislike - meets our needs perfectly on the lake . 
it is very difficult to load on it trailer especially with a cross wind . it needs a good guide rail system . 
swim ladder 
gps 
quality of canopy top and drives seat rubs on side wall causing seat fabric to tear . 
lack of storage : glove compartments , storage areas near helm for wallet/phone for both driver and passengers . 
cover does not fit well , puddles water in corners adjusted poles , still puddles in corners . rips from weight of water . dealer suggested to put bows in corners , will try this summer . 
all the different things that were wrong with it when i bought it , the splash guard underneath peeled back twice . the back decking bubbled up from deck near back ladder . just to mention a few ! - ****see whitemail with additional comments**** 
so we have not had a reason to dislike anything 
surprisingly there were many issues ( steering , guages , canvas tops , seats ) that i would not of expected when purchasing a new boat . 
the helm seat captains chair and location on the 23 ' gm , we are trying to resolve with dealer . it was mounted in wrong location by harris . 
location of gas tank - hard to refill from gas cans if you do it yourself . it takes 2 of us to do w/o spilling gas using a 5 gallon gas container - need to use a funnel 
only had one problem . the hydro steering hoses were too long and caused a problem when they caused the water not to flow under the boat . 3 zip ties fixed the problem ! 
depth/speed gauge works only at low speeds . 
just the light problem and i wish there were more cup holders . our old boat seemed to have more . 
i wish i had in floor storage 
depth finder 
door gate is not aligned - seats stain easy with bird droppings - engine hard to turn off center 
there is nothing i can think of 
nothing 
shifter very stiff and hard to slip into and out of gear 
the only issue has been the depth gauge and interment problems with the bluetooth connection with the radio . 
it falling apart with not much use . rubber parts , screws , cover ripped ... simple things that just do n't stay on . not quality 
nothing really . 
there were some initial fit and finish items ( pieces of plastic wedged under console , spacers not seated , damage to captain 's chair . ) present when we purchased the boat . subsequently the hinge pins on all doors came unseated and dropped out of hinges . additionally the captains chair should be able to elevate to improve visibility when underway . 
how hot the floor gets in the sun 
stero 
i dislike the depth gauge so much i invested a garmin depth finder . when you spend as much for a pontoon the depth finder gauge should record the depth at a higher rate of speed than idol . 
trim dents easily , seats are sewn poorly . 
we accidentally ordered the wrong back seat . 
the steering is stiff when moving . 
no storage around helm for stuff . sunglasses , bottle opener and cell phones etc . glove box would have been nice . 
water leak from access hole in floor beneath steering wheel at speed 
not enough storage space for the driver . needs a glove box 
engine surging issue occurred after 80 hours - this is scheduled to be fixed when the boat is back in the water for the 2017 season . 
nothing 
driver 's seat and the noisy power steering . serious and needs to be fixed . 
speedometer . also , wish i had ordered gps/chart plotter instead of fish finder . 
nothing to dislike at all . after the fuse problem was solved that was mention above , we had a great summer with our harris . the mercury starts so easily and has been an excellent engine . 
very small issues like door hinges 
one back seat 
carpet poor quality 
power arch has been a total disaster ... multiple blowing of fuses 
that the weather stripping keeps coming loose . dealer did not offer to fix depth finder until end of year . i boat 30 miles from dealer . 
the engine horsepower . wanted something to ski and tube behind otherwise all is great ! 
captain 's chair is too low 
have not received warranty for boat from harris . 
nowhere to hang bumpers , no road tarp system , seats not easy to clean 
the vinyl flooring lines are not straight , poor quality control for the money spent ! 
nothing 
steering 
engine noise , there should be some kind of shroud to dampen the noise . 
how the front of the boat ontrailer bounces up and down 
see above ! 
n/a 
just the turning of the captains chair . 
front seems to plow under water easily 
nothing 
front cupholder 
none 
nothing 
only noise at steering wheel 
dashboard 
engine is heavy and boat is not in perfect balance . 
nothing 
cooler does n't drain 
nothing 
no issues 
water in fuel problem 
i think the boat sits to low in the back ( we have a piii package with a 200 hp ... .harris solstice 24 ) ... .i think the tubes could be 2 inches larger in diameter . maybe it would make sense just for the center tube to be an extra 2 inches more in diameter which should give even better performance handling - especially on the river ! 
weak radio reception 
canvas sagging in the back allowing rain water to pool up . not being able to tighten ladder bolts . 
upgraded stereo system . wilson marine provided me with a great experience to purchase my new boat . i would go back to them in the future . `` curly '' my salesman answered all questions and provided me the opportunity to visit the plant . `` steve '' the manager was very polite and nice to work with . 
nothing 
canvas cover snaps and interior canvas supports-terrible paid $ 1000 for aluminum under skin that only extends halfway helm chair terrible swim ladder options poor . 
the bimini top is tall , difficult to raise and lower . when lowering completely flat the frame slips over side rail . the navigation light hits the ski tow bar when top is lowered all the way down . ski bar could be lower . and nav light flexibility need addressing . - ****see whitemail with additional comments**** 
see comment below - note 1 - ****see whitemail with additional comments**** 
i dislike the winter months when i have to stare out the window of my home office and see it sitting there on the trailer wrapped in plastic with three fee of snow under/around it . this boat makes me hate the winter . 
the canvas is absolute garbage . it caused me so much stress to see it fall and cripple after every rain storm . the poles were garbage that the dealer gave me and i had some many issues with it . i need to figure out something asap . i ca n't go another summer with crappy poles and the canvas always falling down . the interior switches are not lit up at night . why could n't they do this ? this makes finding all the nav lights , radio , and other switches very difficult . i also want to know why the engine ca n't trim completely out of the water . 
playpen cover snaps have ripped and it does n't keep the rain from pooling on the top . 
depth finder installed at factory is unable to give a edaing if going faster than 5 to 10 mph . it flashes depthst that do not exist on my lake . dealer says that it is characteristic of all of that brand/model that he has vitnesed on pontoon boats that they have sold . harris should get a better product and replace the one sold to us from factory . 
i would have preferred a yamaha outboard . much quieter . 
the dealer was retiring the new dealer has not called . 
nothing 
putting cover on is cumbersome and hard to accomplish . 
the prop is my issue 
transom , prop , bolts from pump hang down causing air to damage prop . 
i wish there was a dedicated space for cooler storage . 
storage cover does not fit well , harris installed blue exterior and interior lighting that is illegal in wisconsin . not a lot of storage on this boat . 
floor gets very hot . 
the cup holder not working and the boat cover not being more durable 
the imperfect seats . they ruin the overall appearance and give the boat a cheap feeling . 
the 90hp merc will not come completely out of the water - about 8 '' remains submerged . not a desirable situation - `` 200cr '' - ****see whitemail with additional comments**** 
the dealer - ****see whitemail with additional comments**** 
the wake tower is a constant headache . the canvas appears to be of poor quality . lights have been a constant battle so far . 
no spare switches for additional lighting . 
steering wheel turns to hard ( 2 hands ) 
i wish our model had a glove box . the dealer is adding one this off season . 
i like the boat it was damaged in july 
instrument panel hard to see at night . should have red lights , so one can see at night . white lights blind you . 
nothing to report . just getting use to operating all features for a first time buyer and learning to use proposes 
see # 8 
the drivers seat , after one season , feels like its worn to the point that its broken . the seat in the new model seem much more durable and firmer . 
nothing . 
had problems with in hire gas filter and recurrent shut down of motor standed on lake couple of times- changed position /location of the filter to resolve . 
boat cover - i wish you had the snap on cover for you cruiser boat and not the snap on . 
electric bimini cover raising and lowering would be a plus . 
livewell not big enough 
no available foot stool/ottoman 
filling it up with gas . the gas cap location to low and hard to fill . 
still alittle `` low '' in the water up front-even with the tri-hull . bought specifically for this improvement . 
clips on cover . better rivot design . 
* improvement could be to have a grate or something that would be set inside the compartments to keep materials off the floor . when water gets in them during a rain or just seeping behind the seats , , it ruins the life jackets and gets towels , etc wet ... hence we have to dry everything out . this grate could be thing and removable , just to set in to again , let water flow below the materials in the storage , so they stay dry ! * also ties that keep wires tied up to the bottom of the pontoon could be held up with a more durable strap . zips ties are brittle and break easy and only after a few months of warm weather use ! * poles used for the canopy are cheap . the lower quality plastic use to tighten and hold the poles in position dont work well and i had one break right away by `` hand tightening '' i have to use electrical tape on it now to hold up the pole ! 
annoyed at having to have gauges serviced 3 times now ( depth sounder , speedometer , fuel gauge ) . stereo could be better , very basic for a high quality boat . 
lack of deck space in the front of the boat in front of the forward fence . there is not enough front space to either load gear or people from the dock . all loading and boarding has to be from the side door . this forces me to move the boat in my lift before i can access the side door . 
rear hatch cushion , left side , material is wearing out when hatch is open . cushion rubs on support for bimini . small hole developing through material . poor design at this location . con-tore of hatch cushion needs relief at this location so not to hit bimini rail . i will be considering this a warranty issue soon . the only way to correct will be to replace the hatch . 
should have had docking lights we use boat at night alot 
steering and door rattling 
nothing . 
driver 's seat needs to be higher or telescopic adjustable . screen should have auto-dimming feature . 
before i bought the boat i though the adjustable motorized seat back would fail . i was right . it did n't last 1/2 the season . at night , the arch lighting is too bright , should be adjustable . 
cost of wrapping and winterizing . 
no dislikes 
cant put canvas on with bimini up 
the canvas cover , the boat is less than a year old and the cover for the boat is already dry rotting and ripping , there are also a few snaps missing on the cover would really like for harris to replace my cover with a new one . 
nothing 
do not like the snaps on the boat cover ! too tight ! do n't like the placement of cup holders - or lack of . there is a large cable that runs across platform for swim ladder , tripping hazard ! we need a new cover ! 
aft running light should be placed more conveniently . 
stereo system - speakers should face the back ( at least one of them ) 
i ca n't access the fuel tank to drain old fuel out if it 
the issue with the seats flipping forward . 
gauges not working properly trims falling off radio seats falling off not tightened and hope it 's not an issue with them doing it again wavy exterior walls look like shit depth gauge is shit and in for third gauge 
snap in floor covering flaps in the wind . nothing really . 
depth finder quality 
****see whitemail with additional comments**** 
the low speed handling . it was a matter of getting familiar with it . - ****see whitemail with additional comments**** 
we just want snaps for the top cover - ****see whitemail with additional comments**** 
nothing 
a compartment for a garbage can . 
steering offers some resistance at high speeds . could be a problem for women . 
cover ( for shade ) is very hard to open and close for 1 person . 
the regret of buying it . 
minor issues . bathroom is not very functional . 
loud in back from motor - inability of those sitting in back to hear each other 
legroom at the steering wheel . cheesy plastic arm locks for the canopy . 
sun roof is somewhat difficult to erect . 
steering control 
took the entire season to work out a significant amount of bugs i nthe boat . it started with in complete origin set up and delivery by the dealer . 
very very very poor quality and craftmanship . 
the low windshield is totally useless - very disappointed swim ladder does not stay down when climbing up propeller coming out of water when turning . 
i 'm very disappointed in the radio reception . i have an old radio nothing fancy that i bring on board with me and it gets excellent reception . 
the motor over reving while cruising . 
my sons tell me the angle of the gas tank is not the best , and makes it difficult to pour gas into the tank when holding a 6 gal . gasoline can . 
the one spot on the top of the seat i talked about earlier in survey . 
poor quality canvas cover/clips 
seems a little cheaply made in some areas . 
i wish captain 's chair was taller so as to see better over heads of passengers in seat in front of cockpit . 240 cruiser directly mounts to floor . next model up has a raised deck for cockpit captain 's seat . could solve with a higher pedestal . 
the front of the pontoon sometimes gets hung up when backing off of hoist- i think that is an adjustment i can fix . i wish the side door was on the right side of the boat in front of helm . 
battery shut off is under cushion on rear seat . 
the mercury motor is unreliable , broke down with less than 10 hours and the warranty process was a nightmare ! switch to yamaha or any other make . mercury is a terrible company , both for quality engines and customer service . 
nothing except horn . 
loading onto trailer sometimes difficult 
the price 
the problems with the power bimini 
engine too small 
canvas canopy storage position and up/down effort for use . 
very little , see comment about satellite radio . 
not overly impressed with the bimini frame storage clips , maybe make them so they go all the way around the tubing so they ca n't come off ? maybe make the helm storage door a little thicker ? 
depth gauge and rear gate issues 
nothing . 
i really dislike that its too heavy in the rear causing the front end to lift . i hate the way the front end lifts up . i 'm embarrassed to ask my guests to move to the front of the boat to bring the front end down so the driver can see when docking . i 'm also concerned in high wind conditions or at high speeds the boat will lift and flip over . i feel like that is a huge safety factor . wish the dealer would have warned us . not a good feature . my only regret about buying this boat . 
plastic tabletops look cheap . 
bimini latch on tower can come loose at high speeds and flip around and fall down on the back loungers and if someone was sitting there it would have hit them across the face . i had to strap it to the tower , i would consider this to be a very dangerous flaw , dealer does not know of any repairs and suggested the straps 
if i could change 2 things it would be the side door in front of the passenger seat needs to hinge the other way so you can sit there with the door open like other boats . waterproof the seat storage areas 
cover snaps 
bimini top 
the fact that the boat is on its 3rd glass dash , it 's on its fourth ladder actuator and second ladder switch . excessive drain if battery switch is left on , docking lights are dim , underwater lights are dim 
pontoons rusting 
the height of the drivers seat , i 'm 5'7 '' and it sits low for me 
nothing was bad 
we have had several problems with air and noise in the power steering , radio not working , and gauges going out and seat breaking in the first year . 
the sound system is not that great 
inconsistent/poor build quality : screws stripped/not fully seated , brackets out on backwards 
the tachometer is useless . the visibility from the driver seat is poor if seated . i was n't told by wither of two harris dealers to not drive with canvas on . i damaged it and one dealer repaired it he in turn did n't tell me to not cover while trailering , it ripped again . bummer . i have had to repair it twice now because i did n't know 
have not picked boat up from storage and winterization , ca n't answer some of your questions ! 
would like a little more room on back deck 
battery charge leaked 
radio is terrible , will not pick up on any stations . when picking boat via water was informed only tachometer gauge worked . four months later replaced gauges , now , 11 months later , gas gauge does n't work . never has . extremely dissatisfied with service and radio 
fit and finish not great , gauges cheap and no-working 
no cd player , radio needs more watt power 
nothing 
motor issues ; prop and motor height . front corner with caption chair , movement allowing front gate to open while moving 
only 14 hours on it ; still in honeymoon phase 
the factory did a poor job on lots of small stuff 
nothing 
wind really effects it 
i never received the captains chair that i paid for . it become a huge hassle for me to work with the dealer that i gave up on it . huge disappointment in an otherwise delightful experience . 
boat was delivered with significant prop rattle . dealer seemed surprised when simply replacing the prop hub was an easy fix . before replacing the hub , offered installing an aluminum prop as the solution which i rejected . no helm seat height adjustment . 
the issues i have had with the boat were problems not addressed by the factory before the boat was delivered to the dealer . 
nothing . we are very happy with the boat . 
seat covers . 
quality of canvas - less connections to rail , fewer poles of flimsy quality , like old tow bar better and quick connects of old boat better . electronics are disappointing - rarely function properly . 
just the 60hp , need a little more power for the standard pontoon boat . - ****see whitemail with additional comments and attachments**** 
engine size . it would be nice if the boat was rated for a higher hp . 
some of the quality is missnig 
that with 24 hours after paying $ 32,000 you offer me $ 17,000 on trade . what a joke harris boats and marine max are 
still waiting for service to be performed . have to follow up with service department , do n't get calls or emails when promised . long wait to get service representative 
the full cover and poles are difficult , had to go with individual seat covers and use full cover for winterize 
snaps are difficult to snap on covers 
stereo system is not intuitive and difficult to operate locking bimini in and out is very difficult 
fully satisfied 
nothing 
bimini top not engineered very well and hard to use 
a laundry list of interior problems ; gates , captains seats , cover poles and the way they catch cover , lights , doors 
the cover for this boat is horrible ! ! 
gel coat spiders crack 
i will not return to town and country marine for any reason . the owner has no concept of what customer service is . i have purchased 2 new boats from him in 4 years and will never go back ! 
nothing 
the boat cover snap and button system . no matter how careful , the snaps come off and break 
we have not found any problems with this boat after almost an entire season of operation 
clean plexiglas divider which is under windshield , will not stay in place . the hinges on it slide out when on bumpy water . it is a design flaw . there needs to be a `` lock '' position so they can not slide out . this is a big problem for us ! we are still dissatisfied with the `` attempted '' fix . it needs a new lock design . we were not and are still not impressed with our salesman . he wanted a `` sale '' and has not followed through with us to make sure all if ok . 
dash switches visibility.purchased boat june 2016. amanda boston was our sales person . i had talked to her at the winter boat show in houston . she was very knowledgeable and helpful . she followed up with me several times and worked with our budget to get the boat that suited out needs the best . she and the service men stayed with us until 9 pm detailing us on boat when we picked it up . to our surprise , she was fired from marine max immediately after our purchase . we had no follow up from marine max after amanda left . 
quality of workmanship , helm , rails 
just a depth finder and not a gps with larger screen 
no fish finder and dealership would not throw one in . for thebprice of the boat they could of put a fish finder in 
snaps on the cover impossible to snap 
lots of over steer in rough water , tremendously annoying whine in power steering system , wish harris factory could have done the bigger warranty items for fit and finish quality . 
the steering wheel is a little low , i always have to have it tilted all the way up 
see above : engine/boat combination for tubing . although we are moderate regarding that . - ****see whitemail with additional comments**** 
motor 
difficulty docking it in our boat slip 
lack of concern and knowledge from the harris factory . this was a very expensive boat , and it seems that nobody cares ! 
some of the details need to be reworked to avoid the problems i described above in the boat exterior section . 
the cover for the boat is poorly made where the poles attach to it . they are tearing through the material . very disappointed in this . 
need helm slightly higher or bolster seat to see better . 
canvas top is poor quality . in light rains it will leak . never had that with other pontoon we have had . 
1 ) putting gas in is a hassle when filling myself with gas cans . 2 ) cover for back does not cover rear section . 3 ) bimini top could go lower to fit under shower station . 
horn needed replacement this spring , i replaced it with one from dealership . 
way to slow ... ... 30hp top speed is 9-10 mph 
dents and scratches on metal around front edge of boat . waves came over front . 
leaking tube , water runs on boat deck 
anchor needs to be heavier 
bounces a lot of high speeds . 
hard to snap the cover on 
the fit of the trim under the decking is bad and it keeps coming off . basically the boat was put together sloppily and rivets were not installed properly . the polk audio system is to user unfriendly and was replaced by me with a jl audio now it is fine.. if i have a problem the eservice is 2 to 3 weeks out and i use boat every weekend.. 
hard to dock . not maneuverable enough while docking . 
design flaws causing the holes in the upholstery and bimini top . and of course an engine that did n't run in a brand new boat . we are still waiting on the upholstery issues to be fixed . i its taking too long , months now . the engine issue was fixed in two weeks , thus i can not answer the last 7 questions ( below ) . 
aluminum panel in front door is flimsy , it buckled when i hit a 1 ' wake . wiring as described above is poor design . base for table stick up well above the deck , trip hazard . other boats use a table base by sequoia , almost flush ... 
have a problem using my depth finder while operating boat over 13 mph . using transducer mount provided and depth finder/gps installed by dealer says normal and no pontoon is going to give operator ability to read depth of bottom while driving , bs ! 
none 
floor gets really hot 
placement of gas tank in motor well is very difficult to access . if there is an issue the motor has to be removed first , poor planning 
quality of engine and mooring cover , mooring cover poles 
stereo , flooring , need hydraulic ladder 
helm seat , throttle adjustment height 
nothing ! 
as noted before ... noise from the steering column was not fixed right the first time and went through hell to get it fixed ... all other issues were fixed properly . also , bad radio reception . 
fishing seats locked in wrong position , had to pay to have them reversed 
bimbo top issues . 
steering cable in the middle of boarding ladder 
captains chair adjustable sucks the doors need work 
buckling of floor covering at plywood joints 
ladder is not strong , ca n't add ladder to front or side for safer entry out of water , only ladder next to engine 
front seat filler unit is terrible for the price i paid and can not be returned 
lack of long storage area , can not store cover and poles on boat , need to leave at dock 
carpet . i would never buy another boat by this dealership . winning sport and leisure , in fact i am so upset with them i may trade the pontoon off in another brand as i do n't want to get it serviced their anymore 
when the bimnie cover is down it is very hard to see what and who is behind you 
trouble with gates staying closed in rougher water , power steering fails due to fuse . lack of cup holders along sofa . 
the fact that i can not bring it anywhere and think that it 's not going to fall apart again . 
engine has not worked properly since new stereo system has not worked since new usb port has not worked since new extremely dissatisfied with the engine problems on this boat and the lack of initiative from the dealer 
accessibility when entering by the engine , the opening by the engine is a hazard and should have some type of covering the poor quality of canvas used and plastic instead of metal clips night driving light is cheap and made of plastic and has already broke when adjusting it driver and passenger seat height is poorly adjustable - they should be more user friendly 
cover 
the cover does n't fit very well , the snaps are hard to snap . we never got a stereo cover . with the toe bar , the motor does n't come all the way up out of the water . we have some small dents in the outside trim . i went most of the year with no cover , then did n't fit very well at all . no stereo . do we have the right boat cover ? we have a difficult time getting the snaps to snap ( it 's like the snaps are not correct on the cover to fit the boat snaps ) maybe they are different sizes . please let me know what we can do to fix the snaps . 
read everything i wrote 
the cover snaps are very hard to put on and off 
engine performance 
not much except the snaps . steering is very tight , my wife has some difficulty with that 
not as sleek looking as our previous boat 
wo n't handle rough water , hard to steer under load 
