the room is nice , and my last pontoon was only a double and this is a tri . i like the custom floor plan i had built . 
stable . low fuel consumption . seats lots of people . 
very convenient and functional . well thought out . 
ride comfort , seat layout and power . also , like the vinyl floor and large bimini top 
love it 
good quality , handles well , most issues corrected , except gas gauge , 
the cofiguration of the seats , large changing room 
we love the boat , the floors , lights , the quality of leather used in the seats 
the quality of everything from seating to electronics is superior to any other pontoon manufacturer . the styling is appealing to everyone who sees the boat . fit and finish is perfect . raised helm is great to see over passengers in front right seating . 
very satisfied 
a great boat for the money 
everything 
everything about it , floating couch 
the roominess of boat . ease of getting around . great seating . 
comfort , ride , 
the comfort and ride 
colors , materials , overall looks and performance 
engine operation and accent lighting 
good size , speed ( 90 hp ) , comfortable 
quietness smoothness of ride ease of operation . 
# of passengers possible , appearance , 
size , seat layout , appearance , ride , everything . 
overall look gets lots of compliments . 
comfort , ride , power , quiet 
aesthetically attractive and functional . 
ease of boarding , great ride and very roomy and comfortable 
ride 
drives very nice and motor very quiet 
performs very well with the 150 merc engine . very smooth stable ride and great viability . 
layout , flooring 
speed in clear water and towing capability . vinyl floor is easy to maintain . 
the space we have for lounging and playing , 
very comfortable , quiet ride 
comfortable , easy to clean and operate . good pick up with motor and cruising speed . 
comfort , perfect size , paint quality , color scheme 
seating and flooring 
it is good outdoor form , looks nice , comfortable seating 
proud to own this boat ! 
very nice boat ! 
no cupet - individual seat covers 
the ride , and the look it gets . 
awesome performance . versatile - can putt around as a normal pontoon and pull tubers and skiers with the best of them . great handling 
generally speaking its a great boat ! 
speed 
great family boat 
nice quality boat . good engine . 
everything ! smooth , quiet ride seat covers flooring . 
the room ! nice and big ! 
floor plan , storage areas , lighted cup holders ( although one has come unwired ) , rear deck area with good ladder , almost everything ! 
the location and look of the lighting package ( when they work ) , the seats are comfortable and the stereo system sounds great when we use a usb cord and play music from an outside device ... 
the room and ease of handling . 
the boat overall is wonderful . the sales experience was the best i have had for such a large purchase . the dealer went the extra mile to explain everything especially since i was a first time boat owner . there were extremely patient with my questions and those they could not answer the found out from the manufacturer . i am convinced the purchase experience was the main reason for our satisfaction with the boat . the boat is also well made and functions wonderfully on the water . 
it is great on gas . we love the size of the boat ( 16 foot pontoon boat ) . 
ride . handling . power . comfortable seating . easy to operate . 
passenger capacity and seating 
the looks and style 
nothing , we are so disappointed . we are having the dealer price it to sell . 
comfortable 
the seats layout , the faux mahogany flooring , helm seat storage in the back , horsepower . 
the look , feel , practicality of faux teakwood vinyl on rear deck . fit , finish , feel of upholstery . overall styling functionality , especially back deck area . 
the way it rides 
good quality well appointed well thought out layout . 
yes 
smooth ride and space 
none 
the layout ( floor plan ) and flooring are great . like the color combinations . 
ride , comfrort - mercury 225 very quiet and plenty of power . 
the quality of the boat overall is very good and fits the intended purpose of the boat for pleasure and fishing . 
it runs well and looks good ! 
seating arrangement . 
size 
smooth operation in rough water 
quality of bout and ride . nice layout and comfortable seating . great quiet engine although 90 house provide is a bit under powered for this pontoon . 
size , ride 
the size , look , seating arrangement . 
lots of room to walk around . my family enjoys it . nice smooth quiet ride . super quiet engine and shifting . 
very happy with our boat 
truly a harris `` work of art '' 
practical , relatively quiet , good handling for size 
i like the performance of the engine and boat is easy to control . 
ride and handling , tri toon is the way to go 
i like our floor plan . fits our needs nicely ! 
comfort , ease of handling , front and back deck space , removable carpet , ladder and rear exit , it 's a great boat . a great purchase . we thoroughly enjoyed it all summer . 
the layout and fit of the boat is very good . 
power , handling , comfort , windshield 
overall very satisfied . 
room 
enjoy the ride and seating 
looks are very appealing and it 's very comfortable 
it can stay docked in the lake water 
roomy and very comfortable 
we love our boat and would n't change a thing - when it arrived it 's was more than what we expected . we have no regrets . 
handling exceptional , speed good , great seating 
styling , power and ease of handling 
size , look and ease in rough water . 
high quality appearance , comfort of seating 
most everything . 
i like the room afforded with my floor/seating plan . the ease of deploying the bimini tops . i like to acceleration with the power package i choose . 
the seating layout and able to move around easily throughout . 
great boat and as a rental my customers complement me about the looks of the boat all the time . of course i keep my boats clean and no rips in the seats or dents in the boats . 
look great - runs great - very comfortable ride 
good ride and performance 
the look and the operation of everything . 
great size and qualty for the size of our lake . perfect for us . 
comfort is great . 
overall the boat is great and the performance has been wonderful . 
we like everything about the boat 
we love the floor plan . very functional and we receive a lot of compliments . love the color of the paint . 
overall the boat is great . i love the appearance and the quality of the material on the seats especially compared to the other popular pontoon brands on lake wylie . the boat seems more solid compared to the new veranda 's and new aqua patio 's i have been on this year . 
the room in it , the finish work , and it handles so nicely . the ride is amazing . 
good ride . 
great layout of seating - especially the captains chair opposite the helm seat . the docking function that slows engine rpms and hence speed to dock easily at minimal hassle . quiet ride and stability in rough water . great fitting cove and ease of use . 
great boat . 
comfort and gas is economic 
the large pontoon size provides a stable ride . the propulsion system is smooth and gas efficient ( for a boat ) the side rails are sturdy compared to other similar boats . over all i thought this was the best value boat on the market . i am very pleased with the dealer , the purchasing process and most important , the boat . i ca n't wait for the spring . 
look and performance 
the helm seats -- two captain seats arranged side by side . this was the reason we purchased the boat . 
stability , comfort 
everything 
handles well in turns - alot of storage 
we love the seating capacity of the cruiser 240 
engine is excellent . rid nice , stereo only has front and pedestal speakers 
comfort , capacity , ease of boarding , ease of outboard maintenance , ease of trailering , ease of launching and loading 
over all the boat is pretty well built and has the features we were looking for ... rear flip seat is our favorite feature . 
the flooring material is awesome . the seat comfort is very nice . 
woven vinyl floors . seat comfort . engine position ( out behind the boat vs. stuffed up into the rear deck or storage like some other pontoons ) . 
style , comfort , rear lounger 
ease of exiting and entering . 
lots of seating and great ladder for summer . 
it 's sharp 
ride and handling 
sharp appearance , and the two rear facing lounges . 
its new 
everything from function to comfort ! 
yes , love the small size . 
the look of the boat is most appealing and 3 pontoons give an excellent ride 
i love the soze , the 250 hp mercury and the layout , we ordered it custom and everything is perfect 
great look . very comfortable and ease of boarding ( coming from a cruiser ) . great ride . 
love the versatility of it . 
the style is beautiful 
the clean , open look and feel it has . always starts without trouble . everyone 's reaction is very positive . 
great performance 
we like layout and size , quiet motor ( 4 cycle ) 
would recommend to others . 
furniture layout - vinyl flooring - paint color - website very helpful in designing the boat you want 
handles well in the water . 
floor , upholstery and way it rides 
looks fabulous , runs very fast and economically , handles like a dream 
comfort and quality 
our previous pontoon was a suntracker partybarge . the quality of our new sunliner is much superior to our previous boat . we enjoy taking out friends and family , and the stability improvement with the third pontoon is amazing . it is much faster than our 60 hp merc ( this one has a 150 ) and the quality and appearance is attractive to others ( we get lots of compliments ) . the general build , quality of materials and design are very satisfactory . 
deck space 
very nice pontoon ! 
the way it handles and rides and the power it has and it is easy to dock . 
room , ride 
smooth ride - good room 
smooth ride and lifting straights . i love the way it sit high in the water . i like that i 'm able to pull tubers and skier with the 150 merc . beautiful looking boat over all . 
good ride 
the ride is great 
i 
appearance , ride and stability , canvas cover quality and fit . 
ron wilson ( owner ) was very good at taking care of issues problems caused by salesman/service rep . 
i like the style of the boat 
overall it is a nice boat 
seats , space 
love the comfortable seating , it drives nicely , love the lights , and love the woven flooring . 
really like being out on the water with lots of room for friends and refreshments ... 
the look 
its been fun 
overall , satisfied with the quality of fitment of all components except the helm seat being interfered with by the rear seating . i especially like the center entry fore and aft and the second helm seat . the 12 foot bimini is a great option . the boat handles great and the merc engine is fantastic . the upholstery is very well done and the seats are comfortable . 
i love the vinyl floor . 
overall appearance , vinyl weave floor covering 
we bought the perfect boat for us ! they listen to what we wanted and we looked at so many boat than my wife and i went drydock and we met chris and chris sold us only what we wanted with no pressure . and most of all after we got the boat i kept going back with more questions he treated us great ! 
in genewral.. i like almost everything . still new to me . not a lot of hours . what i have seen , i like very much . 
stability , quiet and responsive engine performance , seating arrangement and overall interior appearance . 
tri tune and 4 stroke 
size , 4 gates , stability , flooring 
the room is great , the general fit and finish are very good . 
my wife loves the rear facing upholstery seats 
comfort , size , asthetics 
rear lounge seats.. totally awesome ... # 1 reason we purchased this boat.. 
the room we have and the lay out . 
appearance and performance , easy start , easy access to engine , amount of seating . when i am on it i am not working ! 
the appearance , the floor - the power 
speed and stability . 
solid build , good floor cover , rides nice , holds alot of peeps . good looking 
it is very comfortable and very quiet 
i extremely happy with my boat . it drives and rides really well 
smooth ride , the looks and the motor is adequate 
the fit finish . the comfort of the seats and design . 
ease of getting off and on . 
good stability . room to walk around . 
looks , functionality and ease of use . 
seating and ride 
i really could not be happier with my new boat . it is very comfortable with great seats . i did the raised helm with an upgraded captain 's chair . the boat is very easy and comfortable to operate . we went with a floor upgrade instead of carpet . very easy to maintain and keep clean . no mold ! the engine is great as previously mentioned . the boat does about 30 miles per hour which met my expectations . i have had yamaha 's before . i am happy i can now by an engine as good or better that is made in the usa . 
roomy , the floor plan we chose fits our needs . the double bimini is excellent . the upgrade motor is perfect . the flooring is easy to maintain . 
it is comfortable and nice looking 
it has the look and feel of a boat that is very more money . we love tehe boat . 
it is an extremely comfortable boat . very plush , comfortable . it handles very good for a pontoon and it accelerates very well also . 
overall quality of the boat is great . handles great in rough water . 
the seats . comfortable the cup holders in correct place . nice ride . 
everything 
the styling 
layout , design , fuctionability 
very comfortable for entertaining with the seating arrangement . also like horsepower 
boat is what we expected 
value 
it seems well-made . everything works well , and the boat looks good . for me , the very best thing about the whole experience ( it 's our first boat ) has been the dealer - allcraft marine . they 're spectacular . they 've made it very easy to be a first-time boat owner , providing total availability for any questions , and even delivering our boat 50 miles away at our lake site . they 're a terrific representative for harris , in my opinion . 
it is beautiful ... ..so many people compliment us on the beauty of the boat . it is very quiet , yet powerful and handles the waves and water beautifully . 
i love the appearance the color scheme we picked is great . we also love the layout of the boat it 's our second one like this . 
the appearance , the style , our dealings with parkside marine and more brookville , in - the dealer ! 
style , room , ease of entry/egress for water sports 
ease of use and boarding 
appearance and quality of workmanship . 
we enjoy the ride and handling of the boat 
the ride , quiet , lots of room , nice looking , compliments of looks ( i keep it looking new ) 
the engine , the seating layout , the look of the floor . 
tri toon stability 
love everything 
this boat in all i love it we have had 3 harris boat i would not have any other and the dealer we have is the best 
ease of access , comfort - i 'm an old guy . 
roomy and fun 
love our boat ! 
workmenship , ride , and hadnling 
reliability quietness 
it is so comfortable and fun experience for are passengers and crews 
all 
looks great love the pontoon 
overall handling and performance was better than expected , ride quality is great . dealer sales and service is outstanding 
smooth expereince 
the ride , looks and comfort . 
it 's an attractive `` minivan '' of the lake . it can hold enough people for fun times and still be nimble enough for water sports . 
i am happy with the comfort and options . 
looks and comfort . 
room , comfortable seats , easy to clean floor . 
the styling and trim except the trim between the helm console and deck . 
comfortable , spacious , a lot of storage , easy to maneuver 
design 
like everything about it 
dislike - could n't unscrew cap for gas - the directions on it wrong . dealer said not . we called for someone to come out embarrassed . 
size , comfort , handling 
we love the layout of the boat and the quality of the construction . 
love the boat , handles great . some of the leather is coming apart at the seems 
large engine 
never thought we 'd own a pontoon boat . the whole family loves it . dealer support is amazing . 
very smooth ride 
ride in all water to include rough , space , and overall layout of boat . 
quality , styling fit and finish are excellent 
the layout and the colors . 
the looks and comfort 
great boat 
comfortable , smooth right with great power . 
we like the 4 captains chairs for comfort , the ride and handling , and the interior layout . the quality is excellent except for the rear ladder issue and the beverage cooler issue . 
great ride - lots of room - it has been fun 
smooth ride , stable in rough water . 
i love the boat 
we like the comfort and configuration of the seating . 
nice and roomy and comfortable 
comfort and looks great also extremely smooth handling 
the amount of space 
rear deck area 
the three pontoon boat with honda engine perform just as i had assumed 
all 
room for family and friends , very easy with young children ! 
seating layout , power bimini cover , flooring surface , smoothness of operation 
love it 
spacious 
style/look- nice looking boat the boat dealer was awesome 
nice appeal , comfortable , economical engine is incredibly quiet and efficient 
everything 
sleek design , comfortable . 
our fist sea going vessel , overall satisfied . 
love the rear facing lounger/swim area . 
everything 
quality and steering and tracking is very good 
everything 
nice form fit and finish 
looks and ride 
apperance comfort perfomance 
very quiet running and handles nicely 
ride , fit , form and function are all great . a `` head turner '' and the bar feature best in class . 
room for quite a few people . quite operation for east of conversation . many uses including pulling kids , etc . 
handles well in rougher water than expected and is very comfortable riding at 3/4 throttle . 
the style and look of the boat is great ! 
color , ride , finish , seating and layout 
very good boat for our family with sufficient room . 
the ride 
its very fun and takes the water well . 
great rough water ride . extended length vs our cx220 makes a big difference . 
comfort and ease of handling . makes for an enjoyable day on the lake with the family 
everything 
overall design and ease of operation 
performs incredibly well , like the traditional cockpit option that i added to it 
looks , handeling speed 
reliability , ease of operation and apperaance 
we enjoy the smooth ride and quiet motor . 
looks , handling in rough water , features . 
everything so far 
4 stroke motor 
the boat itself has been a great thing for our family . really enjoyed having the boat . 
very comfortable 
balance and speed 
the handling , quick transition from stop to full running 
everything . we love the boat itself . the opportunity it gives us for family time . 
fast ! 
we love out boat ! we love the floor , seating , overall appearance . i like the docking lights . i like how tight the snap on canopy cover fits . 
quality of build 
we both love this boat ! i love the stability , looks , handling , power 
rides and handles wonderfully , plenty of space for grandkids . 
durability easy to clean-flooring ( no carpet ) smooth riding easy load and docking 
overall fit and finish 
quality built boat ! cory and all the folks at peterson marine have been great to work with . 
yes 
just love the boat . layout . upholstery . everything . 
the design , construction and appearance is fabulous . we love this boat and get compliments everywhere we go . 
the layout is fantastic and it has been reliable . 
the seats are very comfortable . there is adequate seating for our family as well as room for our grandchildren to move about if needed . 
room for everyone , comfortable to hang out , power enough for tubing 
size.easily handled and trailerbility . 
the ability to put 5-8 people on it comfortably without falling all over each other 
most everything 
size comfort engine 
overall , love the ride and power . very comfortable . 
great power from the mercury engine . open floor plan works well for our family . 
love ride and seating 
ride , fit , finish , engine 
custom floor plan , flooring materials 
the flooring and total quality 
ease to board 
it is a great looking comfortable vessel 
the looks , the handling 
nice set up or design of seating areas 
it just looks beautiful , rides nice , fast , 
the layout and the flooring 
i like the style , i have a blacked out arch and stainless poles on the canvas top . it 's the only one like it on lake st. clair , for now . i like the layout , raymarine electronics , blacked out fence rails . 
the overall appearance of the boat compares very favorably to other manufactures . 
comfort . looks . engine . space . smooth at speed . quiet engine . 
engine size and layout 
color and finishes are excellent . the boat has been very dependable . 
appearance/performance 
teak flooring nice 
? 
the boat is well built and rides smooth in rough water 
comfortable , ease of getting on/off 
this boat is a looker , a performer , and with a few exceptions , could not be happier with it.we are the envy of our river home 
smooth , quiet , fast , seating , lights 
looks/operation 
i think our harris boat is good looking and very comfortable . only problem is fixed . no complaints , and dealer is great 
i love the vinyl flooring 
tritoons are great , rides great , great looking 
overall - love it ! 
lots of room , easy to handle . 
quality material throughout ; quiet , efficient engine ; easy on , off from forward and aft 
fuel economy , deck space , sound system , ride . 
the upgraded pillow top seating is comfortable and soft . love the seating configuration/layout . also enjoy the height of the bimini top as well as how large it is . 
more seatings and more horsepower than our last one 
looks - overall handling and performance 
ease of operation 
quality , color scheme , flooring , seat cover , i recommended to a friend who bought the exact same boat 
attractive styling , comfortable seating and ride 
handling , seating . top height , coolness of floor in sun , does not overwhelm with only 2 aboard 
great pontoon , easy to drive and feels great in the water , a great head spinning pontoon 
size , handling , capacity , storage , seating 
ride and seating , bar 
holds a lot of people , very reliable and fun ! 
the comfort and room for many people to have a good time . 
exterior design , seat configuration , and sound system . 
stable ride , double bimini covers passengers well . 
ride , comfort , performance 
trim fit and finish 
quality of construction , comfort on the water , quiet at cruise 
love the quality of materials and layout 
easy to operate and has room to transport kayaks 
style , comfort , layout 
seating layout 
engine size and hp , options , seating , comfort , colors , style 
comfortable , one boat meet all my needs . 
ride and comfort 
comfort , size , 
as a large family we all can go together . 
seating configuration 
love it and love the engine 
general noise level 
i like the way the boat handles , interior , exterior , flooring , performance package and all optional upgrades . have not had any mechanical problems since delivery . service department personnel were very helpful and knowledgeable . 
roominess 
very comfortable seating and ride 
it is a pleasure to feel very comfortable and safe with the boat out on the water . an overall enjoyment ! 
it is way cool . lots of plush seating . great conversation areas . 
comfort and size for number of family members . 
looks great . get compliments every time we take it out . the rear lounger are so comfortable we nap in them . 
ease of getting in and out 
almost everything . 
like the handling and ride overall . also plenty of power with the 250hp . 
very positive look , runs quiet , responsive and comfortable 
flooring perfect- non skid material honda 75hp- excellent 
seems to be quality ! 
living room on the water . easy to beach . handles better than we expected . 
i am enjoying this boat very much 
i love my lounge chairs in the back . that 's why i bought the boat . 
all good 
great layout , good looking design 
nice party boat 
easy to run , very quiet , i like the blue tooth , had some difficulty accessing it 
very good quality and craftsmanship . love the bar option 
very nice interior design , cushions nice , 7 floor covering is very nice 
rr 
good riding boat 
overall a nice boat with nice details . 
when we take my family ( 15 ) people out at 1 time ii am confident this boat will hold us . 
seat arrangement . quietness of the motor . speed and ride . loungers . look ! 
great style and design 
great ride and great look . very comfortable . 
powerful , smooth , easy to maneuver , lots of comfortable seating . 
size , capacity , comfort 
very easy to use , comfortable 
the look- wife loves interior , i love the power . ca n't wait to jump into a 300 hp someday . wish it had a glove box or some kind of small storage area . 
handling and overall appearance lots of compliments on interior look 
ride and engine acceleration . the 90 hp 4stroke merc outboard runs smooth only wish this motor could be raised higher to get gbt lower unit out of area when docked . 
solid , dependable , well built , good looking 
layout and cupholders 
overall , i like the boat , its appearance and ride . had problems with the warranty repair of floor . 
well built . comfortable , nice looking . 
the quality of the boat is noticeable when compared to other pontoon boat makes . it was this quality and the research i accomplished on harris that led me to the purchase of this boat . 
it has been great and i have had no issues with it . it is an excellent boat . 
looks/performance 
comfort ride ; nice driver 's seat 
the aesthetic qualities 
they way it handles in water at high speeds . turning is also great . 
quality 
i love the room and comfort . we use the boat as a movable swim platform . we lounge out in the middle of the lake and do lots of swimming . i do think an anchor should come with the boat . 
looks 
size 
ease of use , reliability , comfort/space 
very comfortable ride . like power w/ 300 hp engine . excellent seating and lounger with adjustable back very useful and comfortable . 
lot 's of room and easy to handle 
comfort and space for passengers is excellent . the boat is well built . storage space is excellent . 
stability and handling , looks , engine 
the seats 
seat comfort , configuration . roominess . 
all of it . 
great boat ! 
smoothness of the ride , we really love everything about it 
rides smooth in rough water for a pontoon . lots of room and seating lay out is very nice . good sound system , although 3-6 months of free satellite would be nice . other boats i have bought did included that . 
it 's a great family boat . can really fit a nice amount of people comfortably . 
the room , the openness , the color , the floor 
comfort 
comfort and appearance 
love the concept with windshield and performance 
the ride and handling in open water are really great . 
appearance roomy 
layout is very nice , we get many compliments on upolstery 
smooth on the water , handles great 
the ride and smooothness 
rides nice . very comfortable , seats many , looks nice . 
comfort , ease of use , stability 
ease of entering/exiting , spaciousness , ride , looks 
overall look and handling , starts every time 
handles well `` when not acting up '' 
handles well , really good on large waves , seats clean easily with water 
we love the new boat.. especially the seating arrangement and the floor is awesome ! 
nice design , ease of use and ride for first time owner . 
design styling . which is why we purchased the boat . 
please read attached letter - ****see whitemail with additional comments and attachments**** 
plenty of space for entertaining family and friends . smooth ride and very quiet engine noise . 
flooring- no carpet . comfort seats , quiet engine . 
looks nice , runs good , easy to handle 
vinyl flooring mooring cover 
good quality . very nice in tenion 
how it handles big waves . 
looks good , runs good . 
l/side underwater lights map 
it is super for our family outings on the lake-love all the space and ease of moving about . overall , i am quite satisfied . 
extremely happy 
the overall comfort and look of the whole boat . its a floating living room 
comfort of seating , flooring , upgraded caption chair , lighting ( interior and exterior ) 
good looks , nice interior , lots of power , rides great . 
the quality of the boat and how clean it is really impressed me . 
well made-good ride , easy to steer . 
almost everything 
navigates rough waters very smoothly . 
smooth ride , solid feel , the looks , love the graphics 
ease of handling 
sea legs 
just about everything -- love it -- we are having a lot of fun with it 
first pontoon , ease of boarding 
ease of on/off . overall performance and storage . ability to slalom ski . 
high quality i got the luxury i paid for , 
enjoy everything on the harris boat . hardest thing is the cover snaps sometimes hard to snap . which cover was easier to store the boat . 
yes we like the boat . paint issues and difficulty installing cover are our biggest issues . 
love the ride and the comfort of the entire boat experience 
i really like the accessibility of the boat , the ride is excellent , maneuverability is outstanding 
ability to fish and use for pleasure . great on big lakes . 
speed ! i also added two speakers to the back and a controller that is reachable from the water . i told my dealer i need to patent this as i have had many people ask about it . love the sound system . the docking mode is awesome , i needed to park in a very tight spot and without the docking mode i was having trouble . its great . 
i like the boat just not my selling dealer 
big , comfortable , lots of room and plenty of power 
i like how the boat handles at speed and in rough water and how quite the engine runs . 
pretty boat 
everything , no complaints at this time . 
the floor finish . 
comfortable . seating arrangement has 2 captain chairs and the is especially nice when there are 2 people aboard . no sunbathing bed and that aids more room . 
i love the full windshield.this was the main reason i bought this product . seating is very comfortable . good horsepower 350 hp . 4 stroke merc . verado 
fit and finish , performance 
overall i am very pleased , as are 3 generations of family members 
the boat is relatively comfortable and spacious . 
ease of use and motor performance 
it is a very comfortable family boat . easy on and off , from water or dock . the quietness of the motor when idling . 
love the recliners , space , flooring , bimini 
ride is very smooth even in rough water . 
ride and handling . easy . 
all of it ! 
beautiful boat , great ride , well built , quality all the way . 
the full windshield . 
it looks and runs very good . 
its easy to board , comfortable under way and roomy . 
love it . 
its a good boat 
everything and the power 
style , size and overall workmanship . this is our first boat and we are extremely happy other than the issues with the automatic bimini 
the lay out of the floor plan . the speed of the boat and how smooth it is on the water . 
seating comfort , power , quality of boat overall 
overall , quality is excellent . fit and finish , are above average . 
love it overall . storage style handeling appearance . 
easy to dock and drive . it 's comfortable and seating arrangement is great ! ! 
enjoyable to drive . 
none . 
performance on the water 
my tritoon rides great . engine is very quiet . very comfortable interior with plenty of room for family and friends . 150 hp engine has plenty of power to pull a skier or tuber . i 'll be happier once the seams in the floor are fixed . 
i love the lay out . i love the comfort of the boat 
looks . comfort . ride . 
the comfort the ease to control it . 
i like the overall layout . boat is very quiet and handles well in the water with 3 tunes . 24 solstice . ryan laugeman the service manager at skipper buds pewaukee id very good with follow up and communication . he actually stopped bye on is way back from vacation to handle n outstanding issue . definitely an asset ! 
the looks , the rear seats , the seating arrangement , good quality of materials . 
design , quality materials . 
we have been very pleased with our boat 's design , performance and mechanical/electrical reliability thus far . 
floor the cushing under bamboo type 
size of boat tri-toon handles well in choppy water boat looks sharp seating and deck are great 
despite the few minor issues ( except for the motor ) we love our boat ! ! the appearance , the colour , the size and the fact there is no carpet ! ! it is the right size for us and our lake . we like the amount of storage and find the 60hp motor is perfect for our boat . we have had a lot of compliments from our family , friends and from people we do n't know that well . looking forward to this season . 
looks great , very quite running engine and boat . seats are very comfortable . 
simple 
size , upholstery , seatiing 
price , horse power , sales person very supportive 
floor plan layout . over padded seating . floor covering . 
the layout and engine performance 
craftsmanship is good . clips on the cover is a great thing . 
great boat . love the look and design . 
over all good boat . just little things that could be better . dealer needs help . 
size and engine power 
handling - sub structure 
rides nice 
great boat 
overall , the boat is well constructed . solid smooth ride . this is my first boat so not much to compare to . dealer has gone above and beyond to make things right when we had a major issue before my boat was even launched . 
we love the simple utility of the boat . we are no longer scared to bring about into the gas dock or go to the local on the water restaurant . and our whole family fits on it beautifully . the dogs love coming with us . 
styling and performance 
great quality 
comfort in rough water . 
style , finish , electronic ignition 
quality , appearance , handling . 
we love the ease of handling this boat as well as the number of people we can have on board . it is very safe for our grand daughter and out dog who are able to walk around without us having to worry about them falling overboard . it is also very easy for us to walk around to sit with different groups of guests . 
it 's the perfect size and style for my needs . i have some minor unhappiness with issues noted above . 
most everything 
vinyl flooring - seat quality 
operation and comfort 
we like it . we hav n't had any problems with it so i do n't need to answer some of these questions . 
size and smoothness . very safe for children and grandchildren . plenty of power for my needs and good fuel economy . 
layout , seating , performance , water ladder . 
we enjoy it as a family 
ease to maintain 
the boat ! very pleased with our selection . the complements we receive . 
looks and performs great 
agility for the size 
nice and smooth ride in the rough waters , sturdy construction , good quality 
very good boat . very satisfied . 
amount of space . livability . ease of boarding . 
quality 
look and attention to detail . plush seating and great layout 
its a great looking boat 
runs good , controls good , rides good . 
like the power steering , ease of docking in tight places . 
vision when pulling into boat slip . control when docking with cross wind . 
quiet and comfortable ride 
smoothness of ride in choppy water 
the quality and design of the build and upholstery quality . 
great ride and handling . 
easy to operate . 
seating , stability , ease to get into from water 
love the appearance and love the seating 
i like the overall look of the boat . i really like the flooring in the rear near the ladder . i also like the space and the removable table . 
great boat overall . 
i am pleased with almost everything . the boat is very solid , attractive , new merc outboard is quiet , efficient , and powerful . the ride is very smooth even in rough water . 
it appears to be a sound well built boat ( a good smooth water boat ) and quiet engine operation with virtually no vibration . also , knowing the crew at marinemax ( awesome sales and service personnel ) are there for any issues that may come up . 
comfortable and smooth . 
looks and lounge seats . 
quality , fit and finish of all components ; good layout . one negative is that the mount for the table ( s ) needs to be flush to the floor . 
ease in handling and it is a good size for our lake . i have not had any negative issues with my boat . i have been extremely satisfied with wilson marine the dealer that i purchased it from . 
lots of room . comfortable seating 
the appearance , solid feel of handling in rough water 
egdh configuration - that 's why we bought the boat . 
handling in rough water and wakes comfort-ability for passengers . 
look , gas mileage , double bimini ( old folks here ) . 
stable with good power and control . 
love the flooring , seats are comfortable , plenty of space . 
very nice engine ! good acceleration , quiet ! dennis e. sweet service guy at skipper buds grand haven , michigan is very good ! 
motor , upholstery and looks . 
seating arrangement and ease of docking . 
i am extremely pleased with the boat and proud to own it . 
size and convenience ! 
roominess , seating capacity , ease of getting on and off . 
handling , quality , smooth ride in rough water , performance/turning radius , the ladder coming in and out of the water . styling . 
going to a 18ft pontoon boat from the 24ft pontoon boat , with bigger with pontoons ! with the power thrust 4 stroke 50 horse motor mercury is exciting ! my harris pontoon boat is a fishing boat too so these special features makes it perfect for me ! 
- no longer have this pontoon- 
the engine starts easily and is very quiet . 
speed/handling excellent 
perfect 
the overall size of boat . 
the roominess of the whole boat . 
comfortable - ez to use and board able to hold 12 people with out crowding 
low noise level at no wake speed . motor responsiveness , power , speed . 
the looks , ease of boarding the room on it , and the smooth and quick acceleration . the quietness of the motors . turning ratio . 
easy access for taking care of any issues that may arise as we live in the fort wayne in . area 
solid boat , sturdy 
i have two horns grand mariners , one 25 ' and one 23 ' i really like the 25 ' , the 23 ' has problems with the helm seat and tears in the bimini canvas . 
it 's new and it works ! looks pretty too . overall , love the boat . it 's our 1st new boat . 
the reliability ! ! ! ! 
exactly what i expected . 
seating is superb . swim platform works so well , saves on wet carpet . cover system wonderful . 
the look , very roomy and easy to handle . 
quality 
i love this boat 
the entire package . 
that it is trouble free 
we like the layout of the furniture . 
size , seating , stability 
i like the layout of this boat 
first one we ever owned . so far , so good 
all of the room 
the tritoon feature . never operated a tritoon boat until now . never smooth . 
comfortable , great power and handling 
it 's quick , handles well , and has a very nice layout 
comfort and control very nice design 
design 
i love the look of it . the overall features of it and the handling . 
the size and how the layout . you can fit a lot of people on it . 
ride quality and engine performance . 
great ride and oh so easy . 
love our boat ! ! ! the seating is fantastically comfortable , lots of room and the overall quality is very high . 
it 's beautiful , comfortable and easy to operate 
nice boat overall 
love the pontoon ! ! ! 
vinyl flooring 
we really like that the flooring is n't carpet . 
the seating and the ride . 
overall a nice quality boat . 
ease of operation , capacity , ride power bimini top , esthetics 
quality and style are great . you build a nice boat . 
style , versatility , handling and dealer service . 
large deck for many people 
the boat is very well designed built . we really love the rear seating configuration on our boat 
interior quality and design is great . engine is great . 
we really like the pontoon . all aspects of the boat are great . nice interior , more deluxe that other brands of the same price . 
looks and performance 
quality is great and ride is very enjoyable 
seating and flooring are high quality 
floor 
it 's classy and noticeable so it stands out . comfortable . 
love the tri toon ride . engine performance is better in the 2016 model with the extension kit . 
i like the space and fabric , the overall look is simple and comfortable . 
looks nice , nice riding , smooth , engine has good power and is quiet . 
rides great . 
style , handling , size 
love it ! perfect size and beautiful ! 
performance 
like the look , i think harris is the best looking for the money , quality is very good . 
good quality 
the ride and power , looks great , handles well 
four stroke engine 
comfortable 
quality and cost is great . great bang for the buck . 
everything 
the ride , appearance and handling 
overall appearance , quiet engine ( vs previous ) 
good quality made 
love the color , flooring and just overall appearance of the boat . it has been a delight to come home on summer nights and just relax in the middle of the lake . 
appearance and layout 
great ! ! 
i like how it sits higher in the water compared to my bennington 
layout , design , chairs , sound system , looks 
reliability 
its new ! quality of interior . layout of interior . power of engine . 
vinyl floor swim ladder seating arangment gas tank size/ location 
solid construction high quality finish 
reliability 
love the unique floorplan and upper deck w/ slide 
reliability 
it is stylish , fast 
handling power 
it is perfect at the lake and many of our guests can enjoy it with us . very safe and can go in shallow water . 
looks 
interior room , quality of the upholstery 
we took our time and researched pontoon options , floor layout , engine etc before purchasing the boat . so we like everything about the boat except for 3 things : the trailer boards keep coming off when putting boat in/out of water , the cloth ripped when a cooler rubbed up against it , the honda engine cover dented ( see below ) . with our dealer 's patience during the purchase , we were able to design pontoon with features that we would like . we receive alot of compliments from our lake community on our pontoon . 
owning a pontoon boat has been a `` dream '' of mine since i was a little girl ( many moons ago ... lol ) ... . we just love our pontoon boat ( my husband myselft and all family friends that we have taken on boat with us , they love it also ) . the ease of slipping boat into the water and docking and removing , is simple easy . we are very pleased with everything about our boat . this is a luxury for us we handle our boat with great care . thank you ! ! ! ! ! ! 
nice seats and great motor 
super quiet , very comfortable seats , well made . 
easy to take out and utilize compared to a standard type boat . also like the fact that we do n't have to winterize the engine since it 's not an i/o type situation . 
interior decor . smooth ride . seating space . 
this boat is out dream boat ! it gives us the flexibility to cruise the backwaters of the mississippi ( because of the minimal draft ) or do water sports or relax at the beach ... ... all in total comfort ! 
appearance , comfort , operation 
wooven teak flooring is great . the engine performance and handling is more than expected 
the ride and the swing back seat . 
the floor lay out motor is quiet . 
it is very comfortable and easy to operate . 
looks , handling rough water 
flooring/colors/ large bimini top/ looks/options/ price 
very comfortable seating 
overall love the boat 
looks - upholstery - comfort 
we love the fact that we had it built to our own specs . the interior and exterior are very sharp and clean . the engine is amazing . and the boat overall is extremely low-maintenance . a true joy to own and use during the summer months . 
i think the boat is beautiful and it rides nice . the interior is a great design for families and having people out on the water . the boat rides really nice in rough waters . it has a nice interior seating as well . i love the ultra lux helm seats . 
great boat , smooth ride , easily run by new operators 
i love everything about this boat ! 
most everything 
robust construction of frame and dock . good quality fit and finish . superior to any competitor . 
it 's a great starter pontoon boat ... need to get engine worked out . 
ample room for all . comfortable seats . very stable in water . quiet at low speed . looks sharp . starts reliably . 
has a lot of room and does all water sports we like 
power of the 350hp engine 
smooth ride .great seat materials . comfortable helm.easy to fill fuel tank . 
quality for the cost 
as promised 
style , colour and handling 
quality is good , engine runs well ... 
i can take my family out and enjoy the water 
the boat design fits my family 's needs and over all we love it . 
great comfort , performance and fit and finish 
speed and layout 
everything 
almost everything 
i like the colors and the teak flooring , they look very sharp 
aside from a couple of minor issues fit and finish are top notch - 
overall look and ride . 
speed and handling . 
easy to operate - great layout and nice looking 
we love the floor and the straight through walk way . 
the ease of getting in and out . 
love the boat 
smooth ride and quality of boat and systems . 
everything except issues mentioned in # 8 
handles rough waqter in lake st clair very welll ! smooth ride 
i am very pelased with my boat . my issues are only opportunities for impreovement . 
quite , comfortable , easy to steer and a great ride even in rough water . 
overall handling and ease of use . we enjoy it greatly and enjoy that we could do some custom options ( black out rails ) . 
spacious , generally easy handling although sluggish when docking , properly powered . 
i like the teri-hull ; makes a tremendous difference from bi-hull ( old boat ) . 
it has plenty of room 
comfort and room 
flooring-could offer a tan option of that floor . 
the level of class it portrays 
the boat overall is great . love the seating and layout . 
ease of operation , smooth ride and performance of enigne 
everything 
seating comfort 
passenger compacity and comfort 
great looking . nice floor plan , easy to operate , easy to clean . 
1st time pontoon owners- love it ! 
the fact that everyone on the lake like our pontoon ! ! its roomie , cleans easily , built very well . works great after one year . 
comfort , speed , pickup , generally well appointed , good flooring and has good seating space 
imitation teak flooring is very comfortable underfoot and cleans easily . 
comfort , handling , appearance 
seating and open space 
style , comfort , ride . 
well made , good quality . 
steven tutor and his staff did an excellent job through the entire process . 
seats , storage , ladder , smoothness and ride , lights , flooring . 
our boat is beautifully designed . i love looking at it even when i 'm not on it . 
overall solid boat . 
comfort in rough water . 
first time boat owner and i am pleased with this purchase . a lot of fun 
at this time everything is very nice and we like it very much 
looks great 
i like most everything about my boat , only bad issue is the canvas cover 
rooniness , clean , neat appearance 
we just love the layout . it is great for friends and family . we made 25 trips on it last summer from july 4th on . not sure you could make it any better for us . great brand and product . also love our dealer . just a wonderful all around experience . 
i especially love how strong the motor is and how comfortable the ride in choppy water . 
i feel it is nice looking with quality finishes . the larger motor . 
quality , layout . 
it 's a great boat - runs good 
it 's beautiful . 
overall appearance and performance . 
we love the dual rear facing lounges . 
ease of loading and unloading , general overall quality is excellent 
the ride and the way the boat handles . motor i s quiet . 
first time i have purchased something and had no issues . 
engine and the way it lifts out of water when plaining out 
looks great , rides great , engine is quiet . 
comfort 
the space , handling at speed . comfort of the seats . the power is very impressive , the ease of using the mooring covers . 
the dealer 
size , amenities , tri toon , quality . 
excellent ride in rough water . 
more fun than we expected , very versatile set up for many different activities . 
all , love it all ! : ) 
the fact that it 's gone . 
the comfort of the seats , the quiet motor , the smooth ride . 
great layout . great power . very balanced boat . 
generally reliable - starts easily - runs relatively smoothly 
it 's beautiful and relaxing . 
plenty of room for entire family . very reliable . pulls tubes with ease . 
pretty boat , well balanced and reliable . 
comfort 
family time 
quiet - handles well - quality 
looks and seating layout . 
style 
furniture size and layout . 
good looking , comfortable and practical . 
the size and comfort . 
it 's a beautiful boat with a lot of nice features , eg . bluetooth , great stereo system , and plenty of seating for a large family . we have the ski tow package and a 115 hp motor , and the kids enjoy tubing . 
smooth and lots of room . 
seating , handling and quite 
we love our boat - handles great , comfortable , well designed and plenty of room for family and friends . 
appearance , upholstery , seat cushions are nice , features we wanted , large pontoons , flooring , motor 
layout , thru walk 
overall the boat is a very comfortable , stylish boat that performs and handles as expected . 
design , power top , handling 
ride and handling 
solid , runs great , great stereo 
comfortable 
the quality and ride 
easy to clean . 
openness and ease of loading 
smooth ride , walk around ability . 
beautiful , functional a pleasure to use . 
just about everything so far . we spent a year looking at pontoons before ordering a harris and would do it again . we have 5 grandchildren it is like a big playpen on water ! ! ! it has made our family time very special . thank you ! 
mostly everything ! bought the boat based on online reviews and was not let down in any way . love my harris ! 
it 's a great family and entertaining boat . we have really enjoyed the boating experience . 
great pontoon ... very pleased 
style and color . comfort . 
layout 
style , looks , and features 
its design/look 
we love the comfort and ride , with the 150 merc it is very economical and quiet ; boat has seen some rough water and has held its own . sales staff , service personnel , and management are all spot on , very helpful and courteous ; professional manners . 
quality of boat ; to be fair , we were only able to use boat for 3.5 months , ask me again next year 
stylish and elegant appearance , luxurious interior 
ride , comfort , handling 
we love the wide door we had installed so my mother can get on the boat with her wheelchair , the boat is beautiful ! 
it 's a pontoon , we can fit many family and friends on it , the flooring is easy to clean , low maintenance 
easy to operate very comfortable and beautiful looking ! melvin village is an excellent dealer . matt and erin are awesome . my brother bought a boat after us when we sent the to melvin . very happy customers ! 
especially like the layout and quality of our harris after shopping other brands 
love look , comfort and performance 
ride , comfort , reliability 
everything so far , it 's what i expected it to be . 
the overall ride of the boat is very good and the overall appearance is very nice . 
we love the workmanship / craftmanship/ high end quality of the lounges and the stainless steel deep ladder ! fantastic ! made in the usa - it shows - nothing is cheap - 
beautiful boat , well made , comfortable 
everything 
looks great 
handling , engine , ride 
very relaxing , easy to handle 
in-dash depth finder 
like the overall layout , nice handling in rough water with a comfortable ride 
luxury finishes , smooth shifting , great stereo , clean welds . i think outlet does an outstanding job at representing your product ! 
very comfortable , great sound system , excellent floor plan , etc . really a good experience , less the small issues 
high quality , smooth ride 
being handicapped it is easy to board , beautiful pontoon 
smooth , good looking , good space 
comfort , soft ride , interior room , storage , power , handling , speed , fuel economy , quiet engine . 
it rides very well . 
it gives an excellent ride even when the water is rough . 
looks and performance . 
like the extra power and turn radius of tri hull 
the room is great , 8 people with no problem . 
size and layout , . 
that it is new and provides good use of space 
nothing at all 
very comfortable and sturdy 
ease of getting on/off , flow of the seating and walk path 
roomy , very attractive , fun for entertaining 
looks and a comfortable tide , plenty of room to move around 
how it handles when the water is rough 
starts easily , rides wonderfully 
great quality and comfort 
everything 
except for bimini top , very open and simple design 
i like the quiet ride , good in rough water , good power and acceleration 
ease of handling at idle or fast speed 
flooring , motor , drivers seat 
stability and ease of access for my spouse who has a mobility issue 
very family oriented 
the flooring ( driftwood vinyl ) - easy to maintain , quality of the fit and finish , seat layout options , overall quality of entire boat 
performance and looks and comfortable 
everything builds memories , stress reliever 
fit and trim , price 
fun ! very smooth ride 
the boat has been a pleasure in all aspects of operation . it was delivered ready to launch and run , and has performed as expected since purchase 
quiet 
we love our oat 
windshield , comfort 
almost everything ; layout , smooth ride , motor , lighting , sound system , bimini ! 
comfort of seats and handling of boats 
get up and go 
comfort and size and reliability 
engine smoothness , good floor plan for my family , black on black color , and others attributes i ca n't think of right now . 
smooth and powerful 
comfortable , roomy , multi-purpose . we researched and planned for 2 years before purchase . satisfied with a few exceptions . mostly whats listed *please see 
compared to our previous ski boat , this pontoon boat is much easier to get on and off the boat ; the seating is much more plentiful and comfortable , we love the awning for shade 
appearance 
rides comfortably and handles well . looks great . 
overall appearance is excellent , ease of operation . 
it looks great and has a lot of room . 
smooth engine and control . 
flooring 
it 's quiet , smooth ride . 
easy to board and use 
big and roomy with plenty of power 
love the design , workmanship 
everything 
rear lounge seats , overall appearance , 250 hp . service department and all employees are excellent ! mr. guy is very personal , like a true gentleman 
smoothness of the ride 
appearance/quality of materials 
space , comfort , easy to start , battery on/off switch to save on battery , easy to park 
harris makes a nice boat . the comfort is excellent . 
the looks 
the ride , the way it drives and space . it is a great boat ! 
i like the layout of our boat , it was a custom design that the harris reps were very helpful with 
performance is very good 
great boat 
yes 
seats are comfortable ! 
color 
size 
comfortable , roomy , easy to handle , load and launch 
styling/look is great along with interior configuration of seating ( main reason why we picked a harris grand mariner ) . 200 hp mercury motor is great so far ! 
almost everything 
build quality , flooring 
i do like power of the 300 the seating is great and i like the overall look of the boat 
quietness of engine , ease of boarding , smooth ride 
this is our last boat , wish seat was higher , i 'm short ; overall we love it 
good overall 
floor plan , dual captains seating 
quality and stability of the pontoon in all areas 
color and floor options , grab bars on ladder , engine is quiet , upholstery nice quality and good storage options . 
it looks good 
like the high windshield and driver/passenger seats 
ride is very nice seats are very nice 
accessibility , lots of seating , runs good , looks good , rides well 
ride and handling 
very nice to drive . great control . 
love the ease of driving it , i love the floors 
interior quality , ride-ability 
reliable motor , ease of starting , ride and seating very comfortable 
great layout and quality overall 
smooth ride , excellent accessibility 
nearly everything ! 
